The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
A black dog is running in snow.
The doctor is not helping the patient
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
make a mess of or create disorder in.
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
The man is clumsily kick boxing with a trainer
The women are dancing outside
the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
Nobody is in the snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage
A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip.
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a masonry pyramid
A man is not playing a flute
A boy splashes into a pool, ejected from a water slide.
A man is playing the guitar loudly
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand.
Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated, Mackey said in a statement.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen.
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.
The goal is being guarded by a hockey player in a yellow jersey
The black dog is walking through the tall grass
A boy is filling a pitcher with water
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).
A black and white dog running in a snowy park.
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone
People are clustered around a bonfire at morning
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
There is no person in bike gear standing steadily in front of the mountains
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)
Nobody is dangling from straps and kicking at each other
A man is drawing a picture
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
The teens are talking to a boy and a girl with a webcam
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
The orange rescue boat is rushing across the water
Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid,  for purposes of cooking or processing.
adapt to a specified measurement.
The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.
A man and a woman are not eating
Two cats are fighting each other
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths.
A boy is not playing a guitar
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
A woman and a dog are peacefully sitting on a tree stump
A man is singing and walking down the road
A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
the act of terminating a life.
There is no woman cutting a vegetable
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
A black cat is swinging on a fan
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with a skateboard
Two people are sitting with laden baskets and blankets
A man is playing with a water toy in the water
The brown dog is spotting a black dog and is playing in the dry grass
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
A man is being roped before a climb
There is no lady walking in body paint in front of a crowd 
A woman is speaking on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
A woman is frying something
form an impenetrable cover over.
refer for judgment or consideration.
a meeting devoted to a particular activity.
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
The man is hurling knives at a tree
A woman is putting the baby into a trash can
A woman is slicing an onion
Three boys playing soccer in a field
A young lady in a bikini is lying on the beach
The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl
abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.
whip with or as if with a whisk
Some adults are sitting in the chairs and are watching the ocean
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
A climber is parking with the children by a small statue
A harp is being played with a hat by a man
The bride is leaving the groom after the wedding
Many people run in a race on a street.
A few men are dancing
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture.
Two kids and a dog play in the snow.
A white dog runs on the grass.
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
One small child is filling the cup with water
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
A black, brown, and white dog is carrying a Frisbee.
the act of spending or disbursing money.
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
A woman is cleaning a shrimp
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
twice the quantity or amount of something
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
a spoken or written reply to a question
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
A child is playing slip and slide in the grass
become unfit for consumption or use.
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with an internet camera
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking area full of rocks
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
A man with no shirt is holding a football
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain.
contrast with equal weight or force.
A dog shaking water off.
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
The crowd is watching the football at the game
be relevant or pertinent
work with a tool.
a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers.
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
A boat is sailing peacefully over the water
presentation of a musical theme
There is no man mixing
There is no man holding a mask in his raised hand
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.
The large dog wading in the water and shaking.
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.
coat, cover, or treat the surface of
Someone is banging the lens of a camera against a nail
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
There is no person kicking a soccer ball between somebody's feet
A white racing vehicle is driving through a puddle
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
scratch or scrape with claws or nails
A dog is playing in water.
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan.
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.
A young woman dressed in black.
A flute is being played by a man
A white hat is being worn by an Arabic man
a creased or bent form
A small dog leaps in the water.
combine so as to form a more complex product
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
A woman is taking two eggs out of a pot of water
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
The brown dog is jumping in the air
A bunch of people is on the shore
A man in a red jacket is standing next to a yellow kayak on some rocks by the ocean
a group of old men walking down the street
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
Someone is not putting ingredients into a wok
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
A man is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
A rocker is sitting with a t-shirt that has a man over a grey waterfall on the front
There is no paper being cut with scissors
Some people are singing
the characteristic utterance of an animal.
an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean.
A group of young women stand together.
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
A big black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water.
There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
People are walking through a street which is crowded
make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said.
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
A man is praying fervently
A small dog is lying on a bed
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field.
pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking.
There is no panda climbing
Some young bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
Fool or hoax (someone).
A man in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
There is no group of people standing together and looking at the camera
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
A woman is coating a pork chop
hold in a given state or situation
The elderly person is waiting a lady on the sidewalk
A black sheep is standing far from three white dogs
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight.
institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
mark or cover with or as if with dots
Two men are playing ping pong
Boy laying on couch with dog.
A child is falling asleep
There is no seabird flying over some rocks
put under the control of the federal government
(theology) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
A child rides a bike high in the air.
A dog, which is large and gray, is difficultly carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
A woman dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
A boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
There are no children playing on a statue
A man is flooring a sitting guitar player
The puppy is playing with a plastic container
Someone is writing
A dog is barking at a ball
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.
regard with consideration or respect
carry out or complete an activity
Some children are playing on a statue
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
A camera is being hammered onto the nail by the man
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
A girl with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork
There is no little boy wearing a green soccer strip and running on the grass
Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are walking in the snow
cause to come into existence; create
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
A boy is spanking a man with a plastic sword
There is no clown singing
The act of arranging elements together.
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.
A lady is surfing and riding a wave
The man is hiking in the woods
An onion is being cut by a man
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
A woman is looking into the distance and people are walking between buildings behind
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
Potatoes are being sliced by a woman
Two buses parked on a street.
go to see for professional or business reasons.
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing
A man kite surfing creates a wave.
The bicyclist is not riding on a city street
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.
Football players are stretching together.
A man dressed for a race relaxes.
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
People riding horses in a fenced area.
One young boy is climbing a wall made of rock
serve as a means of expressing something.
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth.
a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
make tracks on a surface
A baseball player throws the ball.
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something.
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
make up something fictional or untrue
The black dog is lying in the grass.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars).
The crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
A large green ball is missing a potato
A dog jumps through a hoop.
A person is wearing grey pants on a snowboard
the act of concealing or disguising
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
the act of administering medication.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
A dog, which is white, is standing on fallen leaves
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
correct by punishment or discipline.
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.
A dog is far from the red ball in the air
The lion is pacing tiredly in the pen
treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.
An elder man is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
cause to turn on an axis or center.
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.
Little boys are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball.
A man is mixing vegetables in a pot
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern upon it and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
A black dog running in the snow.
make a written note of.
A woman is sitting in the water.
A man and a woman are having a conversation
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
move back and forth
A person by some cameras is blowing on a burning torch
a stiffener in a garment
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
The cop is sitting on a police bike
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
a fourth part of a year; three months.
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
provoke or stir up.
idolize/show devotion to
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
A man riding a white horse.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
A man is playing keyboards
A man is mixing the content of a bowl
A guy is mowing the lawn
There is no man cutting a rope with a sword
area of damaged, cut tissue on a living body
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
A bunch of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
One man is chatting with a girl with an internet camera
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on him
The boys are not standing in front of the burning car
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
a system of units used to express the weight of something.
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
The white and brown dog is running through the grass.
A baby is talking
The dogs are running through the water
A man and a woman are not driving down the street in a jeep
A white dog is running through a snowy trail
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
the act of preserving or protecting something
a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments
The girl in the blue coverall is painting
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by the woman
recording tracks of music made on some medium
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
put an end to.
A group of people having their picture taken.
The brown dog is running on the grass.
Two white horses staring over a fence.
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens
A city on the River Thames in Bershire, southern England
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
A toddler is sitting down
A kid swimming in the ocean is tossing a coin into the pool, near the man
A crowd of people is far from the water
There is no man sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
abstain from eating.
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
The person is not flying through the air on a bicycle
have faith or confidence in.
legally approve or ratify a person for a position
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
the upper part of anything.
get involved with or mixed up
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea).
The bunch of men are playing rugby on a muddy field
ascribe or place in association with
the visual appearance of something or someone.
The group of people is sitting on a ledge which is rocky and a scenic view is behind them
A man is having lunch
But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
a social entreaty, as courtship or pleading
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick.
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
A boy is fearfully walking across a bridge
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
be worthy of or have a certain rating.
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
The people are standing at a parade
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey.
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.
a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy.
A skateboarder doing a jump.
A chef is discarding some food
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow.
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow.
The person is peeling an onion
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a person in a white shirt and sunglasses
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair.
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
A woman is standing at the beach with an animal on a leash
A person is strongly whisking eggs in a bowl
A man and a woman are driving down the road in an open-air vehicle
A white bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
the state of being excluded.
The women are not singing and dancing
The hairy man is sitting on a train
A dog swims in the water.
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
A man is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
The person is riding a motorbike on a sandy track
A man is riding a horse
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
A boy next to some buckets of rags is not holding an object
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
A man and a woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background
A woman is preparing a skillet for the eggs
give to, and receive from, one another.
A chimp is angrily kicking a target
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
A young boy is jumping and covering nearby wooden fence with grass
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.
a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at the tree
know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
The woman is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another man
A dog's tail is being pulled by a monkey
regain or make up for.
No young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
Two men are taking a break from construction
A man is throwing away a guitar
There is no girl jumping into the car
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted
A man is slicing potatoes
the termination, ending of a meeting
A woman is putting away the garlic
Furnish with metal spurs.
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow.
Two sumo ringers are not fighting
But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, he said.
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
(Cause to) become different or aquire a          different character, possibly during development.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church.
A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
A boy is checking a calendar
Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers, writes Barrenas.
In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
The lady is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.
the spatial, geometric contour of an object
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
An area that is central within some larger region.
the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose.
attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.
A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
He said: â€œThey were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
A guy is cheerfully playing with the footbag
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
The dog is biting some droplets of water
A woman is playing flute
Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
A group of people is holding drinks and pointing at the camera
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation
A person is taking a cat down from the ceiling
A dog is jumping on a trampoline
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
A boy is jumping on the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
The girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.
make the surface of level or smooth.
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
Turn the paddle or oar.
A woman is putting on eyeshadow
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
partake in a feast or banquet.
A woman is jumping with a bicycle
put in the mind of someone.
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
make (a surface) shine.
A man in a red uniform is racing and making a jump over a bike in the dirt
There is no little kid playing football and falling into the grass
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day.
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.
Four people are floating on a raft
The dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
Several children are lying down and are raising their knees
stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.
provide or supply with water
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
A song is being sung by a clown
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
confine as if in a prison.
The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy
arranged for contracted work to be done by others.
ATVs are being driven by three people
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
The black dog is sprinting through the grass
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
A woman leading a white horse.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers.
a person who is appointed to a job or position.
A young man is talking to a leaf
A sports uniform is being worn by a man who is running down the field
the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with.
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
A man is riding a horse in a sandy land
A man with paint covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.
A dog is swimming after a tennis ball
A man is lazing
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight, Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
the act of putting something in working order again.
The person is trotting on the horse
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.
A child in water.
A plane being readied for take-off.
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
The person isn't slicing a vegetable
No little dog is running on the sand
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
[They] were defined by dedication and courage, said the CIA's director George Tenet.
The cat isn't playing with a watermelon
A topless person with a back pack is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
culminating event
the act of moving from one place to another.
There is no basketball player on the court floor and no one is grabbing the ball
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other kids are playing in the background
A girl from Asia, in front of a window made of bricks, looks surprised
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
Some animals are playing wildly in the water
Two dogs in the snow
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene.
A large pile of scrap wood.
Two black dogs run through a field.
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
A young woman is shaking hands with a man
The black and white dog is running in a field
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
Two people are standing on a bench
A white dog running on sand.
A man in a pose is being amusedly watched by another man
A lady who looks young is lying on the beach
An older, balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves.
A field of black faced sheep.
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow.
The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall
A child holds a yellow balloon.
(cause to) break up or cease to function
A man is singing to a girl
There is no child playing with a water spout outdoors with the rest of his family watching
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
stain with a dirty substance
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
A cat looking out of a window.
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
a state or act of gaining pleasure
There is no bicyclist jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
A man is screwing a piece of wood to a wall
maintain with or as if with a bet.
The riders are fencing in a boy's metal bike
the armed forces
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
sheep standing in afield.
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern.
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
limit the range or extent of.
A brown dog is standing in a lake
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
an extended area of land.
Young baby girl sitting on table.
A man is buttering a slice of bread
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
The cyclist isn't performing a trick in the air
The blonde girl with the pink top is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
A child with a gun that sprays water is laughing and getting hit by other boys
A young boy is jumping onto a chair
The child is looking at his reflection in glass.
An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
A little girl is walking off the stage
A bike is being ridden over a monkey
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
A brown dog is running on a rock.
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
A brown dog is digging in the dirt.
One man is passionately playing the guitar
take in marriage; perform a marriage ceremony
Various customers are eating in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
The man is not feeding the snake with a mouse
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck.
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance).
A brown dog runs through the grass.
The person is drawing
a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic.
Trains inside an indoor station.
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
the event of coming to a stop, ending something
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.
gear or develop something to a particular purpose
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
A girl, in a black shirt and hot pink pants, is about to hit a tennis ball on the court.
draw advantages from.
two woman sit on a park bench.
gain points in a game.
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
Nobody is fist fighting in a ring
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Nobody is playing the guitar
One man is turning off the microwave
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the backyard
Two men are battling
Three teenage girls are dancing in the room
the act of creating written works.
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches.
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping on the ground
two girls walking in the street
Two dogs standing in the snow.
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
A brown dog is walking in the water.
The upper part of a column.
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.
emit or cause to emit noise
An animal is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something.
A girl is waking up
There is no young boy playing a wind instrument
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff.
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
A person who plays soccer is kicking a ball into the goal
A man is playing a keyboard in a park
(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.
A red sweatshirt with a smiling lady upon it is suited to be worn with light brown hair, earrings and a necklace 
The dark skinned male is not standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
Broccoli are being cut by a woman
A group of people are dancing in a show
A man is folding a tortilla
A woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
A man is walking a woman through the woods
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.
The piano is being played by someone
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
Four dogs splashing in the water
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual.
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in a wagon, which is really small
A boy is playing a piano
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
The violin is being played by a woman
A few animals are out of the water
The man in a t-shirt dyed grey is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
expose or make accessible to some action or influence.
The man is not talking on the phone
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
the political head of city government
A shirtless man is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
Cite as an authority; resort to (as in an argument).
A man is reading the email
Rollerbladers are not rolling in formation down a hill
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.
There is no woman riding a water scooter
A woman is picking up and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms
The badger isn't burrowing a hole
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
A large white animal is jumping up in the snow
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
A man is mixing
a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair
Red and white bus driving down road.
grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws
move to and fro around a particular point or points, remain near
A white bird flying up onto a tree.
an energetic attempt to achieve something.
the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar.
It has outraged the membership, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
the act of branching out or dividing into branches.
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.
continue to live, exist, or prosper
A guitarist has blonde and flyaway hair
charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors.
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.
a boy plays in the fountains.
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
The man is standing steadily next to a birdcage
A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car
A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale
A dog is running towards a ball
make hard or harder.
A yellow cat is chasing a ball
a visual characterization of something
A red and white England bus drives down the street.
Some kids are playing on a playground
A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open.
an intense surprise, often unpleasant
A man is putting down the guitar
the act of providing help or aid to someone
verify something by comparing to a standard
A black dog jumping into a lake.
There is no cat playing keyboards
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
give to a charity or good cause.
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline.
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
A kid wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
the introductory section of a story.
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park.
A black dog standing in a grassy area.
A dog is running on a snowy path
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
damage the reputation of.
There is no dog leaping through snowy grass and rocks
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot
A man in a hat is pacing through a store
A child is making a snow ball
There is no pet dog standing on the bank and looking at another brown dog in the pond
In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
A young girl is sitting in a swimsuit
give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
A girl in a band is playing the flute
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
return to an original state.
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation.
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
A woman is drying noodles
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
A boy is surfing and riding a wave
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board.
A man with equipment used for climbing is under a vertical, white rock
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
A boy is holding a hose next to a man and another boy is watching
A young child holds a spoon to it's mouth while sitting in a chair.
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
regard something as probable or likely.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
A brown and black dog is looking upwards
A podium is where a man is speaking
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
Two large dogs are frolicking in a grassy field
the act of lifting something
Change the purpose or functioning of a system.
The boy, who is young, is running through the ocean waves
A large boat in the water at the marina.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are not chasing a ball
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
What can I say to you? he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
A skier dressed in black is catching a tiny bit of air
make (more) comprehensible
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.
pronounce with an initial sibilant.
fail to attend to.
make a loud noise, as an animal
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
A plane flying near the sunset.
Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the side
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
Bind or join (as if) with cement.
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is huge
The man is training
A man is going into the water
A black man is skillfully break dancing on the pavement
rounded end of a bone
Two people are driving a jeep and a lady is sitting on the top of it
The bike rider is not looking at the accident of another bike rider
A person is peeling an onion
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
A dog runs through a very wooded area.
cancel, reverse, annul
a collection of things sharing a common attribute.
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
the crown of a flowering plant
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.
The brown dog is running in the snow
A man is cutting himself with a piece of paper
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
The man is dipping into a swamp
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
Some people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
A man on a motorcycle is not riding on one wheel
A woman is adding spices to some meat
A dog is walking along the snowdrift
a formation of people or things one beside another.
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the top of a building
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
Put a harness on.
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of the water
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim
A homeless man is putting down a sign and refusing some charity
Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
There is no boy filling a pitcher with water
A man in red takes cell phone pictures at a football game.
go on a campaign or off to war
A man is playing a small flute
something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
A big brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
make less severe or strict.
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid
A young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is not watching her
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
The man is not hammering a nail with a camera
The adults and children are being gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
make unfit or unsuitable.
The men are putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
A person is dancing in the rain
A black and white photo of a love seat.
There is no man riding a horse
Three women are resting in a village
make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules.
Two dogs playing on the shore.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
A man is lifting barbells
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
a person who memorizes or learns quickly
In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
A young gamer is playing with a child wearing a white coat
A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and catching a stick
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
Some dogs are playing in a river
(computer science) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
system of arrangement
a concentrated example of something.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
The man helps the boy ride a bike.
behave in a certain way; have a specific effect or outcome
A little girl is shoveling snow.
A boy is sitting in a room and playing a piano by lamp light
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
A dog is wading in the water.
be in direct physical contact with
A brown and white dog is playing on the grass
provide with rails.
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee.
The man is putting chicken into the container
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
A person is standing in front of a rock with a rope, which is pink
A young couple is sleeping in bed
Reverse the winding or twisting of;  separate the tangles of.
A man is powerfully kicking a soccer ball
The kids are playing outdoors near a man with a smile
A woman is rowing a boat
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
the act of people having sex
Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status.
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.
A girl is getting a tattoo removed from her hand
a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity.
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
There is no man cutting a potato
A man on a bike jumping through the air.
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
A man is performing a trick on a bike
There is no girl laughing and there is no other girl watching
role or function of the head of a government department
A man is walking slowly across a bridge made of rope
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
A person is eating at a table
The man isn't doing a magic trick
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
A black dog, running on grass.
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
The man isn't playing the piano
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness.
Some people and vehicles are on a almost empty street
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
move in a group or flock
COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light
Two men are doing a skit, which is very funny, with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
throw with force or recklessness.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
the act of changing one thing for another thing.
exclusive control or possession of something.
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
A man and a woman are walking
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
A man is eating a banana
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
The woman in the white sweater is not drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
make a prediction about; tell in advance.
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
A person is planting a tree
an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
A black and white dog runs through the water.
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
A boy is throwing away a calendar
A rider is waving at a surfer
hold or place in equilibrium
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment, Daschle wrote.
A child with his hands on his head.
A man with a white headband playing drums.
make a tour of a certain place.
Couple with newborn baby.
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
give a neat appearance to.
The woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo
The man is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach
A surfer is leaning the surfboard against a wall
Train going down the tracks.
A person waving is hanging off a zip line.
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
Two dogs play in the water.
close with a snapping motion.
travel across or pass over.
A group of scouts are camping in the grass
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.
A squirrel is running around in circles
Five people are standing in the grass with no dogs
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
a social set or clique of friends
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
The young boy is climbing the wall made of rock
A man and a woman are shaking hands
a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled.
The little girl is playing at the playground.
make or become harder
We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place, he said.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
There is no lemur eating
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
the activity of breaking or splintering something
the center region of an object
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
a black and white cow standing in the field.
Two young men are cheerfully playing outside near a golden statue
Two teenage girls are texting in the park.
shine brightly, like a star or a light.
The doctor is helping the patient
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
A boy is climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
A man is jumping on a trampoline
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
the state of being excommunicated.
make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
The ball is being dunked by a man with a jersey at a basketball game
A black dog and a small white and black dog are looking up at a kitchen countertop
A girl is playing a flute
the act of putting something in a certain place.
A chef is cleaning a bowl of soup
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block, looking out.
A woman is not eating a cupcake
A black man is running in brown grass and racing a dog
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.
A brown dog laying on a green cushion.
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach.
A black man and his dog on the beach.
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
A man in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
apply a thin coating of paint/metal
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
A person is taking away the meat in the skillet
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
There is no man walking outside
a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege
A woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms
give certain properties to something.
provide with power and authority.
Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
arrange or order by classes or categories.
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servantâ€™s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
Two men are breaking into a car during a trip on a snowy road
A strong person is leaving the whisk in the bowl near the eggs
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
strike with horror or terror.
A dog is furiously chasing a ball through dirt
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
A young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
A man and a woman are sitting in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
an aggregation of things or people
There is no seated woman singing a song and playing the guitar
The person is eating
a prediction of the course of a disease.
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A woman in jeans is standing near a horse with a saddle
The person is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
turn on an axis; spin
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
A brown and white dog is jumping on the sidewalk
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
the uppermost area of region of something
Two dogs running in the woods.
The man isn't talking on the telephone
A group of sheep in a field.
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
A woman is tailing a pony near a rock climbing wall
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching
A young boy isn't climbing a wall made of rock
A person is absently cutting mushrooms with a knife
Two men are fist fighting in a ring
A man is singing into a microphone
someone (or something) on which expectations are centered.
place too much a load on.
The small child is wading through the water and is being guided by another person
A child runs through the grass.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
the act of liberating someone or something.
Doubt or an impression that something might    not be the case.
A dog splashing in the water.
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
A person is shirtless and is putting down the beer
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are sniffing
A dog runs in the snow.
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
duplicate or match.
A girl jumping in a puddle.
A group of people are not standing around a sound mixing table
Three men posing in a tent.
The practicing person doesn't like the guitar
There is no woman cutting a potato
hunt or shoot snipe.
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
The monkey is brushing the dog
A man is drawing some figures
It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
A group of kids is playing in a yard and an old man is standing in the background
The black dog is running through the grass
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
Two animals are running through high grass
Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths
A man and a woman are walking nicely
There is no boy in a white t-shirt splashing in shallow water
A person is cutting some ginger
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water
A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
A lemon is being squeezed by a woman
A big cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and is jumping inside
Two boys are laying in the ocean far to the beach
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel
The cat is licking a bottle
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
A girl is skateboarding on a half pipe
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
There is no man slicing some bread
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus
A woman is sitting on the grass and is drinking from a water bottle
The person is hiking
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.
The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear.
A bird sits in a tree.
An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way, he said.
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose
A girl in blue is sliding down a slide
A man is cleaning a dish
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Two large park benches have a person sitting and a bottle of soda between them
Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)
A baseball player hitting the ball
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
A cat with a white coat, perched on a small wooden cabinet, is looking outside the window
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
A person in pink is running onto the field
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, one politician said.
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
A person is putting meat into a skillet
provide (a person or group) with power or authority
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road quickly
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
A man is playing the keyboard with his nose
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
A dog running along the beach.
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
take in (mentally or physically)
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.
A little girl in costume looks like a woman
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
Two black and white dogs running in a field.
A dog is sleeping on the ground
recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm.
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain.
an unofficial association of people or groups.
(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence.
A dog is chasing a ball
A woman is dipping a shrimp in batter
A dog is looking around
A dog and a black man are running through brown leaves
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
One white dog and one black one are sitting side by side on the grass
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
make or become brighter or lighter
furnish with a guideline
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble.
Two dogs and two people are walking in a wood
Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
fix to; attach.
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
ride on someone's shoulders or back.
Some runners are competing in a race
A group of people playing football is running in the field
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
A shoe is being tied by a man
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
A child goes skiing.
There is no man singing and playing a guitar
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
hit a fly (baseball)
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth.
One small child is greedily drinking water from the cup
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
A man and a woman standing on a city street.
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
cause (a computer) to execute a single command.
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is walking on the tennis court
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
Kids play in the water
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice, as          either an animal or human might.
Two cats are playing with a red ball
A woman is combing her hair
China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
A dog, which is small, is playing tirelessly on the green grass
Two people are not riding motorbikes
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is.
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
A black and white dog is playing with a frisbee in a brown field
state of being active
the head of a city government.
There is no woman firing a rifle
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair.
A woman is riding a water scooter
A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man
Two people are stopping on a motorcycle
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.
Two dogs in snow.
A person is frying meat in a pan
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
An officer is talking to the soldiers
The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives.
A skateboarder sliding on a rail.
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest in the dark
There is no woman breaking eggs in a bowl
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
give suck to.
move as if through a sieve.
A man is cutting a fish
the state of being controlled or governed.
A child pushes another child on a swing.
make a certain size or sort according to size
A cook is slicing some bell peppers
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
A man is quickly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
Two women are not dancing
A baby tiger is playing with a ball
Three women are sitting in a village
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
A man is shooting a shotgun
the general outward appearance of something.
A group of people are running a race.
A group of people are standing
The black bird is not sitting in a leafless tree
a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled
A kitten is getting bored
People are walking through a crowded street
A person on a bike is not in the air near a body of water
A group of women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
A man blowing a large bubble.
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and riding a unicycle in the street
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving.
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
a narrative song with a recurrent refrain.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is not pulling up
At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
A surfer is riding a large wave.
someone who plays a principal role
The little girl is looking at a man in costume
The girl is standing on the couch and crocheting
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking water
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
extend out or project in space.
feel physical pain.
A man in mid air on a skateboard.
Two children splashing in the water.
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side.
A cat is jumping high into the air in the country
The men are not putting suitcases into the trunk of a car 
learn by repetition.
Two cats on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the countryâ€™s only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
A man is playing a harp
The two dogs are running toward the camera.
A dog running through the water.
A group of students in uniforms is ignoring the front of the class
A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat
One man is sitting steadily on the chair
Two brown dogs run through the grass.
There is no snowboarder doing a flip over a mound of snow
A dog with something pink in it's mouth is looking forward.
In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
a static vertical layout, e.g. text or numbers
A horse is being ridden by a woman
A large white dog is jumping in the air over an area covered by snow
A man is playing a piano
Make a line or marks on a surface; copy by          following the lines of
A boy is whacking a man with a sword
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
The children are not wearing black tights and are not hopping
Three dogs running in a field of grass.
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
support; hold up; nurture or provide for
There is no water being drunk by a cat
approach a certain age or speed.
get or gather together.
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.
The state of being more than satisfied or satiated.
A group of cars parked on a hill
A woman is chopping an onion
Two ducks are standing by the water.
Someone is not reading the email
cause to be alert or energetic
A man is playing the guitar owner
An old man with a grey beard is riding a bike
(music) the presentation of a musical theme.
A man is singing a song and playing the guitar
There is no parrot speaking
A seated woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
The cat is licking a shallow dish full of milk
Unrestricted freedom to use something.
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
A little girl is smiling and running outside
a relative loss in price, value
a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
A man is looking into the distance and people is walking between buildings behind
There is no man playing flute
The guitar player is loving one girl
a feeling or state of contentment, relief
attack as if with claws.
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
make an image or sound clearer; put into focus
Two dogs run through the brush.
concentrate on a particular place or spot.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a vehicle
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
A person is riding a jetski in the waves
Two people in two chairs are reading
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
to wind or move in a spiral course.
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
a computer-generated visual image
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
People riding something in the snow.
Two dogs are running in the field.
A toddler is sitting in a seat
The people are sitting in a restaurant in front of the beach
Pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
A group of people is singing
shape or influence; give direction to.
There is no panda bear eating some bamboo
There is no girl with a black bag on a crowded train
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
The man is operating a stenograph
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted.
Two cubs are playing
Close up of a bottle of water.
Try to gain favor by flattering or showing    submission or fear.
A man is standing on a train and resting his hand on his lap
A black and white dog with a large branch is running in the field
rein in a horse to lose a race
a dog runs through the woods.
Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas.
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
A dog is running toward the camera.
A man is pouring cleaner into the sink
There is no man dancing on the road
A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
a party of people assembled for dancing.
Potatoes are being sliced by a man
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
The lady is breaking eggs that are raw into a bowl
Some old dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
A girl in a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes
Someone is playing piano
social sphere, scope of activity or interest
A man is having fun with water
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area.
provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes.
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
fool or hoax.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
A man and a woman are not shaking hands
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground.
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball.
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
put a harness.
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
Make reference to something.
A man is playing the trumpet
A boy is jumping off the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
A woman is marching with a pair of dogs
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
The machine is shaving the end of a pencil
the act of testing something.
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
Some people who play soccer are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story.
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach.
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
A lion is pacing tiredly in a pen
A surfer is surfing a small wave
A woman is walking with a pair of dogs
There is no man playing the piano with his nose
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.
Formally reject or disavow a formerly held    belief; retract a statement.
A woman is boiling noodles in water
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
A baby rhino is shunning an adult rhino
A man and a young boy are riding in a yellow kayak
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
The dog plays in the park.
A funny crowd of people is doing a skit of two boxing men
A white cat laying on a sheet.
A motorcyclist on a bike is leaning into a sharp corner
Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
the act of substituting one thing for another
A nude lady is walking in front of a crowd in body paint
a social occasion, often official or formal
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
There is no dog excitedly playing with water in the grass
Four boys sit in the mud.
The man is being knocked off of a horse
make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote.
The status of being champion.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
The dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
be against, resist
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking in rocky area
An elderly woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
a written message of nonacceptance
A person is cutting an onion
A cat is swimming after a tennis ball
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
intend (something) to move towards a certain goal.
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.
A dog is herding a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
A boy in a red shirt is in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera
One man is talking to a girl with an internet camera
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
A woman who is wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle down a bridge built for pedestrians
Two angels are making snow on the lying children
The government did not identify the taikonauts â€” a term coined from â€˜â€˜taikong,â€™â€™ the Chinese word for space â€” who would travel on the second mission.
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a face mask
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
the act of taking of a person by force.
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.
Incline or bend; changle configuration.
He hasn't got much choice, said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
A few women are holding each other and dancing together
A monkey is kicking a person
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
Someone is dropping the meat into a pan
A man who is playing dunks the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.
A dog runs through shallow water.
A large, gray ball is hitting a running dog, which is carrying some grass in its mouth
The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
The teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
A deer is standing inside a fence
put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
A cat is stuck on a moving ceiling fan
people go up the escalator.
A young child is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
A person is putting away the mushrooms
A band is playing onstage
Three women are dancing
A man in a blue jumpsuit is failing to perform a wheelie on a motorcycle
A group of friends are riding the current in a raft
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
the role of the head of a government department.
The boy is riding a tricycle
A surfer does a flip on a wave.
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
The woman is happily playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
A squirrel is crazily spinning around in circles
The man is walking along a track through the wilderness
a computer on the floor.
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
a group of children playing with a dog
administer or bestow, as portions
make a film or photograph of something.
A little girl is looking at a woman in costume
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard
A man is doing a trick on a bike
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a    string
look through a book or other written material.
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.
a person who takes pictures, often a professional
defining, distinctive form or shape of something
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
A man is breaking a slab of concrete with a sledge hammer
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a face which looks funny
A computer operating on a desk.
One man is climbing the cliff with a rope
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
There is no woman chopping up an octopus
A man is tanking on a stage in front of a crowd
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel.
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
Two dogs play in a field.
The men are carefully putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
give pleasure, satifaction, or happiness; be pleasing to
A woman pointing at a geyser.
A wet boy is cheerfully jumping around on dirty and wet grass
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
Reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a          loss or sacrifice.
The black and white dog is running on the grass.
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
A dog running through the woods.
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
Two dogs are running together outside.
The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.
There is no dog playing in a field of brown grass
The woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
Someone is cleaning an animal
scoop up, as if with a ladle
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
A man is dropping a tree
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
A ball is being chased by a dog on the grass
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
The girl is watering the plants
to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement.
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
A woman is being measured by another woman
A dog is running through the snow.
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
A man is getting off the motorcycle
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
A badger, which is shrewd, is digging the earth
There is no clown singing and people are not dancing
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
act or move at high speed.
A white cat standing on a carpet.
A man is getting into a car
There is no man speaking on a podium
(cause to) emit a brief burst of light
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
A man is dropping the guitar
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
Nobody is jumping off a platform
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
A dog with long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
A child is running in and out of the waves of the ocean
Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
A dog jumps over a chain.
A kid is singing and playing a guitar
lay with rails.
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
I do not wish to be present during this witness, he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
There is no monkey teasing a dog at the zoo
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
conscious subjective emotion or desire
A woman is peppering green slices
Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
the act of pulling a load
Women are not wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are not pointing at something in the distance
A collie running through the snow.
the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack.
The current is being ridden by a group of friends in a raft
This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting, said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera.
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick.
the act of entering a structure
A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water.
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her.
The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease, Manson said.
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, they said.
cause friction; wear away or erode
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
The man is playing a piano
A man is opening a door
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
A woman is riding on an elephant
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water
There is no chef preparing a meal
A man is standing behind the rocks with clouds on top of them
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
a person who plants or detonates explosives
The man with the dyed purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
A cat is eating corn on the cob
There is no man speaking on a stage
The men are acting on a stage
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
Improve by pruning or polishing
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
The small dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
Some men are fighting
scrape or rub as if to relieve itching.
There is no man on a bicycle riding on the beach
Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
A long train is on train tracks.
A schoolgirl with a black bag is on a crowded train
A man is standing on a black jeep on a dirt hill
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
A woman is cutting a carrot
turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw
The horse is being ridden by the girl
The cat is eating some corn
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
a pointed instrument for writing, stylus
The windows are being cleaned by a man
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.
A man is climbing up a rope
a project or undertaking
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.
Someone is falling off the horse
An old man with a grey beard is not riding a bike
Two black and white dogs run across a green field.
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism
A man is harping on about a play
There is no woman tapping her fingers
The kids are not chasing each other in the sand
(Cause to) smell bad.
A man is fitting a silencer to a pistol
the act of attaching or affixing something.
There is no young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
There is no hamster singing
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument
The man is riding a bull which is mechanical
a state of extreme poverty.
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals, the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
A boy with face paint is running on a track.
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
pay unsolicited sexual attention to
shoot down birds
The woman is cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
make a hole with a pointed tool
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping of it into the water
the path followed by an object moving through space.
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
A person is being kicked by a monkey
warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness.
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
A man in green is hitting a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown.
There is no cheetah quickly running behind its prey
the front face of a building
A woman is cracking some eggs into a container
prevent from entering; keep out.
A backpack standing beside a train.
Some tofu is being sliced by one woman
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
keep from being seen or perceived by others
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
clear mucus or food from one's throat.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
the disclosure of something secret.
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
A white airplane is on a runway.
a boy falls off his red bike.
Two persons of large size are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
A woman is washing a big pepper
A man is silent
A woman is slicing meat with a knife
a group of young men sing out together.
a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken).
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
A couple holds a baby.
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
time during which some action is awaited.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
Two girls walking in the ocean.
discipline in personal and social activities.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
A little boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
There is no brown duck with a green head flapping its wings in the water
Someone is making a hole in a strip of wood with a drill
give a thrashing to; beat hard.
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
the state of being active.
A blonde boy in green is sitting on a swing
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.
the act of colliding with something.
Three children are running up hill
(cause to) become less intense or strict
A man water skis while attached to a parachute.
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla
Three men are practicing karate in a gym
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
There are no people flipping the tires of a tractor
Three boys are walking on rocks along a river
A black and white photo of an old train station.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
There is no woman dancing near a fire
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
decree, issue an order
an unpleasant or disappointing surprise.
Two women sitting on a bench by the water.
A young girl wearing a bikini in an inner tube.
A black and white dog is playing with a broken ball
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
A child playing in water.
A dog lying on its back in the sand.
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
A sad family is posing by the fireplace
assign to or arrange into categories
Two animals sitting on a rock.
There is no lady mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
coerce by violence, fill with terror
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass
the activity of removing a resource
A man is playing an electronic keyboard
A football player in a purple jersey is running with the ball for a touchdown
A woman is slicing a potato
Five people on a sidewalk.
Three dogs run through a field.
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
Two men are competing in a tire rolling race
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
A brown and white dog is running through the river
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.
The train sits at the train station.
Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
A cat is playing with a small bottle
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
fasten by passing a rope through or around something
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
One person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
Someone is falling off a horse
The dog in the dyed red vest is running in the field
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
A woman is not slicing an octopus
A person is drinking orange juice and walking
A married couple is walking down the aisle
the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
The black woman is wearing glasses over the headdress
the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose.
A man is closing a hole in a piece of wood
Blue bird standing on green grass.
Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
A girl is wearing sunglasses
a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant).
The flute is being played by a woman
A moped in front of steps of ruins.
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
a boat moving in a river.
A skateboarder is falling off a half pipe
A furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
two people who are married to each other.
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
lessen in force, impact, or effect
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
make believe with the intent to deceive.
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
heat metal prior to working it
The man is not playing a flute
A girl playing on a parachute.
A big dog and a small white dog are playing together
a consequence, outcome or result of something
An unforseen development.
Somebody is jumping in the air on a board
A man is slicing a carrot with a knife
The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
an interpretation of a text or action.
Two men are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
the act of giving someone a job.
a visual representation of something.
consider again (a bill) that had been voted upon before, with a view to altering it.
sorting one thing from others.
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.
Some green boots in a puddle full of mud are targeted by a playful young child wearing a scarf
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by a woman
(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.
A man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
A girl is styling her hair
Four children looking at barn animals.
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
having responsibility for managing or supervising
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran
go one's own way; move apart.
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
Two dogs are playing on a beach made of rocks
The woman in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
The group of people is not sitting on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the lawn
A woman equestrian riding a horse.
the activity of putting something in written form.
The person is slicing a vegetable
A woman is dancing on a stage
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
the act of perceiving the odor of something.
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
A man is playing a flute made of bamboo
A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail
A person is not playing the keyboard
A person is pouring cooking oil into a pot
employ or become employed in a position
A large bird is flying through the air.
an attempt to get something.
My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen, Ezzell said.
a kitchen appliance used for cooking food.
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.
decide upon or fix definitely/specify
become due for repayment.
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
injure by turning or rotating
Reloaded is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
A child is smashing a snow ball
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, doesn't look surprised
Adults and children are standing and playing in front of steps near a desert area
A child walking in the snow.
There is no white car being driven by the man
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
Three teenage girls are idling in the room
A bride with a white dress is looking down
A young girl is sitting in swimming gear
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
A large wet yellow dog is retrieving a toy
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
committee with supervisory powers
A lady is mixing a mixture of meat in a bowl
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.
a brief experience of something.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
A man is playing a guitar under a windows
Three young women standing in a room together.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
the act of catching an object with the hands.
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
A man is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
smell by inhaling through the nose
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere
A baby and an adult are being followed by a rhino
A woman is dancing gracefully
The dog is running into a brown light
There is no person boiling noodles
Two dogs playing by the shore.
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart.
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
A woman is turning her back from the view of a city
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water.
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
any new participant in some activity.
A black dog is playing in the snow.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
lightest most abundant element, atomic number 1
The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
a dog trots through the grass.
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
The lady is cracking an egg into a bowl
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
Two crocodiles are floating in a green colored swimming pool near some playing kids
something that floats on the surface of water.
Somebody is cutting a tomato
A little girl is frowning and taking off a fake nose and glasses
A white dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
the act of forcibly taking the opposition
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
A man is painting a woman's face
put into or keep in a stall
the rotating motion of an object
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
There is no woman cracking an egg into a bowl
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
A woman is gracefully dancing on a stage
It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses, said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance.
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome.
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
A boat is sailing quietly over the water
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers.
There is no man fitting a silencer to a pistol
A man and a woman kiss.
The crowd is not watching a football game
go back, restore, revive
cause to be in brief contact with.
A man climbing a cliff face.
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping into the air
The red bus is on the street.
Someone is playing with a frog
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
Start abruptly, ignite
(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network.
The woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
The young girl blows a huge bubble.
create a new entity by putting components or members together
A herd of deer is crossing the street
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp.
an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
show submission or fear.
become or make oneself fresh again.
The dark skinned male is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A black and white dog runs through grass.
According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival.
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden
some situation or event that is thought about.
gnaw into; make resentful or angry.
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
an aggressive willingness to compete.
A boy is running away from the fishing line
turn in to get something in exchange
A dog rolls on the ground.
the act of intentionally omitting something
There is no woman cooking a breaded pork chop
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
The boy is wading through the blue ocean
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and holding a pencil
The dog is not knocking the boy into the water
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
an unforeseen development.
Some women are sitting together near woven walls
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
People are not walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
The woman is removing make-up
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
strike sharply, as in some sports.
A badger is shrewdly digging the earth
A person on a snowmobile.
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
A guy is cheerfully playing with a footbag
overcome with astonishment or disbelief
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian headdress
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
organize or be responsible for.
A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent
The furry brown dog is not running through the grassy area
make something more diverse or varied
The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant.
Five adults are sitting on steps made of stone
A dog is riding a skateboard in a park
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
(cause to) become less clear or indistinct
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete, Barrett said.
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion.
Four people rowing down a river.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
Create an electrical short in something.
The man in a cowboy hat is not walking through a market and is not putting a hand in his pocket
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.
Some bikers are not getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
(Medicine) Apply a plaster cast to.
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.
A small dog is lying on the bed
hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
Black domestic cat lying on brown table.
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
The blonde girl with the pink top is not smiling and not wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
The man is feeding the snake with a mouse
A black dog digs in the snow.
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.
revolve
There is no brown dog and black dog playing in the sand
completely use up a resource
The group of people is not sitting on the ground outside a monument
the act of retaining something.
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats
do lacework.
The priest is walking down the aisle to marry a couple
It is about a third of what I owe in the world, he told reporters.
There is no girl in pink twirling a ribbon
A man is standing on the top of a roof and playing a violin
Furnish with an opening to allow air to          circulate or gase to escape.
A man is peeling an onion
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
The dog is in the air above the grass.
A black poodle is playing with the snow.
A boy is standing in the water
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
There is no man exercising
There is no cat playing a keyboard
One girl is jumping on the car
Put up with something or someone          unpleasant; show deference towards someone or some authority.
A man is standing on a roof top and playing a violin
This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope.
a person who is a member of the senate
A girl dances like a man in costume
feel the strong need to eat
informal terms for the leg.
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
The muscular black man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
A man on a motorcycle is doing a trick
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
No dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
A child is watching someone playing outdoors and is spouting water over the rest of his family 
indicate, be signs or symptoms of
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
the act of changing the location of something.
The black dog is running through the grass.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.
free (from restraint), let loose
A man is cutting a paper
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
A man is sky surfing on the water.
A man is ignoring a girl via an internet camera
A woman is frying meat
A man is riding the animal
incorporate or enclose one thing in another
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
depict or portray in art, words, or model
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
There is no dog standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes.
A person skis down a snowy hill.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is lying down
The puppy is not playing with a plastic container
alphanumeric sequence used for identification
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball.
Two boys are talking on the phone
a group of people appointed to a committee
No people is sitting around a fire at night
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
cause to adopt a new or different faith.
Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
A woman is placing a bowl with a crack near an egg
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore.
The boy is sliding down a metal slide.
lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path.
A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a puddle full of mud
soldier who is a member of a special forces group
A girl is exercising
something recalled to the mind.
add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts).
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
A little girl is playing the violin on a beach
A man is untying a rope
The man is playing a game on a lawn
framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal.
A man and a woman on a bench.
A white and brown dog is walking through the water with difficulty
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
a boy in a red shirt, in front of a long blue wall, raises his eyebrow at the camera
reach or come to rest.
Two cats are lying together
Three men are staring at the big green hills in the distance
A dog is running along the grass.
arrange a program of or for.
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok
A woman is firing at target practice
Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
separate or cause to separate abruptly.
A group of people eat at a table outside.
A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks
the act of fastening things together.
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
There are no women wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
A dog walks through the snow.
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
Woman and dog in rowboat on the water.
A capsicum is being cut into pieces by a person
A girl is playing on a toy phone
The man is handling a gun
A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch.
the act of giving a speech
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).
the act of acknowledging the truth of something
A boy is speeding down a steep slide
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass.
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
Kids playing tag football.
The intense man is a guitar player
a particular environment or walk of life.
Some milk is being hungrily drunk by a cat
A father is pulling his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is looking away
There is no person wearing grey pants who is airborne on a snowboard
the act of spending, disbursing funds
A group of people is equipped with gear used for protection
A man playing a video game in a store.
An animal is running in circles
In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history, Bush said.
The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
advance warning or notification of something
Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
Some food is being fried by a woman
give out, allow to have
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
A man is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
The man is talking on the phone
There is no cyclist on a yellow bike airborne
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water.
A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball.
A blond kid is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
The man in the hat is smoking a straw cigarette
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
A young boy leaps from one couch to another.
A man is riding an electric bicycle
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach.
The man is eating
The boy is cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
Two boys are jumping into a pool.
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping behind a water fountain
A person in a black hat is reaching for a box
A large white dog is jumping up in the snow
A group of racing dogs is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks
give a definition for the meaning of a word.
the act of explaining or defending something
A woman is deboning a fish
understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.
an angular or rounded shape made by folding.
A little girl and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are getting splashed by a city fountain
a message refusing to accept something that is offered.
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
A few people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously, he said.
A person is singing and playing the guitar
abrupt state of disbelief about something
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
They ransacked and burned the two villages completely, rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
Nobody is brushing a cat
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
A laughing man is dyeing a shirt black on the table which you cannot sit at 
A person is not performing tricks on a motorcycle
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
A boy in a red shirt is behind a long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing the camera
a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.
a dog sprints across the grass.
A cat is eating some corn
a journey for some purpose (usually including the return).
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
A dog is opening a drawer and climbing inside
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument
Provide medical care for.
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area.
make invalid for use.
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
Three women are standing still
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team.
A dog is standing on a mountain
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
a constructed underground passageway
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out.
Two dogs running in the dirt.
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore.
The badger is burrowing a hole
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
A plane flying at a distance.
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
The man is playing the piano with his nose
suggest or prescribe a solution
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.
A tennis player hitting the ball.
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water.
A man is being curiously looked at by a woman
The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is not wearing a yellow jersey and is not defending the goal
A woman is cutting a potato
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
A woman is slicing a tomato
the act of having and controlling property.
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.
This is extraordinarily fast, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
a state of order in which events conform to the law.
a black dog runs through the dry grass.
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
There is no young child running outside over the fallen leaves
Two men are not taking a break from construction
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
A girl is on a jumping car
A skateboarder is doing acrobatics on a half pipe
A brown dog is jumping in the air
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
be in some specified state or condition.
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence.
The blond girl is dancing in front of the sound equipment
add cream to one's coffee, for example.
People are walking inside a building that has many murals on it
A young black child is standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner.
be on base at the end of an inning
the force used in pulling.
A child in light colored clothing is standing with his arms extended outward
There is no monkey riding a bike
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
The boy isn't playing the piano happily
A brown dog is running along a beach.
sell or transport an item or idea abroad
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.3.000	It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
A boy waves around a sparkler.
Train pulling into a station.
Four athletes are with a person in a crowded stadium
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee.
A man wearing a helmet, floating in the water.
a quantity that is an approximate calculation
emit a steady even light without flames.
A skateboarder mid air with his skateboard.
heavy radioactive metallic element, atomic number 92
the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
the act of designating a role to someone
be opposite.
The man is absently eating a banana by a tree
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
The man is cautiously feeding a mouse to the snake
A woman in a top which is purple is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.
A dog is chasing the tail of an animal in the grass
A woman is showing a small cat to an infant
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
the act of giving someone a job, hiring someone
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy
The man is going into the lake
A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container.
Video games of two playing boys are on a couch
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
A young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
Discipline in personal or social activities.
The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted.
A dog is opening a jar of food
Supply with water for crops, as with    channels, ditches, or streams.
an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers.
the physical position of something.
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
give something for a cause
a caress with the lips
A group of football players running down the field.
A small boy in a yellow shirt is laughing on the beach
The flute is being played by the woman
A tan dog is running through the snow
There is no person on a bike jumping through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame
the bodily process of discharging waste matter.
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.
A fur scarf is being held by an Asian woman
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera.
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
A family is purchasing something at the vending machine
A few men are cheerfully playing cricket
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
A woman is staging a dance
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy.
A small boy in a shirt, which is yellow, is laughing on the beach
angle with a hook and line drawn through the water.
A girl has black and orange patches on the cheeks
make ready for action or use.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
Skewers are being placed onto a rack by a woman
drive forcibly as if by a punch.
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at day
The children of a family are patiently playing and waiting
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
a sudden emotional vocalization
situate, position, come to rest
physical force that draws objects together
A young boy falls off his bike.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.
The person is going into the water
Two men are standing in the ocean
A young swimmer is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
The woman is looking at the view of a city
A woman is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
The man is cutting a paper plate
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain.
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
terminate, end, or take out.
A tiger is walking around
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading
Children looking a sheep.
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike.
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
The man is not performing a large jump
A young girl is standing on both legs
A small kid is playing with a green toy dog on the grass
A group of Asian girls are standing by themselves
A dog splashes in the murky water.
the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building.
get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone.
concrete enactment of an idea or concept
A man is chopping down a tree with an axe
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.
Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
A little boy is topless and is serious
Make a map of; show or establish the    features or details of; explore or survey for the purposes of making a    map.
The woman and the man are travelling by car
persuade somebody to accept something.
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
make the surface level or smooth
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at night
An eggplant is being sliced by a woman
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
make a short, sharp sound
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.
the general impression or appearance of something
A boy in his teens isn't talking to a girl with a webcam
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
Many cheerleaders are walking in a parade
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
go on a campaign; go off to war.
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a joyful dance
Two young women shear a sheep.
The singer is playing the guitar at an acoustic concert for a woman
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette.
A group of dogs bred for racing is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles
A young child is lying down on a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph.
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
A dog is walking away from the tail of an animal in the grass
A man is laughing
Two children are peering over a rusty ledge
rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.
It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case, Sax added.
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp.
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody
A group of guys play instruments outside.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch a red ball
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee.
feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
The man is pouring oil on a few tomatoes
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction, Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
A man is idling
the conclusion of a communication
Several women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
(cause to) swing and miss the third pitch, striking out
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
(cause to) happen at a later time
cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate.
Two boys are playing flag football.
A young girl in a bikini is jumping on the beach
A passenger train with a yellow engine.
A woman is playing with a brown dog in a garden
A small boy is standing in the forest
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize
There is no motorcyclist riding a motorbike along a roadway
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.
move together in a hive or as if in a hive.
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
announce the termination of, as of treaties.
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
A group of people ride in a race
A man is cutting an onion
A man is puking
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
Two dogs play in the grass.
The two dogs are running on the grass.
A man walks two dogs in the city.
dispose of (something useless or old).
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass.
A lion is tiring the whole pen by pacing
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
advance or set forward in court
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach
A boy is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
being in a protected state or condition
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
change or conform to fit new or different conditions
Tan cows look closely at the camera.
A child, who is young, dressed for cold weather, is standing outside
A black dog is playing with a brown dog on the sand
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
A person on a yellow clean bike is taking a jump
state of being unclothed, naked
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
The girl isn't jumping onto the car recklessly
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.
Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
Two women sitting on brown couch.
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
the black dog carries an object in the snow.
The act of indicating or pointing out by name.
a vehicle race on public roads
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
A woman, who is old, is near a dog that has a white coat
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.
There is no man eating some food
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down a blow up yellow slide
A person is playing a trumpet
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is standing on the tennis court
A man is catching a fish
location sheltered from the wind
the time yet to come.
give a specific interpretation to
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
A young girl riding a brown horse.
A girl slides down a purple slide.
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree
A man is chopping butter into a container
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate, Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
give away something that is not needed
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
The cowboy in blue and red pants is being tossed by a horse
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
Five children are standing in a wooden hut
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
the event of proposing or volunteering something
A dog lays down in the long green grass.
A person is riding a bike
A white and tan dog is running through the tall and green grass
The woman in a red costume is not leaning against a brick wall and is not playing an instrument
An animal is rolling from side to side in a garden
clean with hard rubbing.
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
A woman is cooking prawns
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow.
person who manages money in board games
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
A child is swimming on the water's surface in a pool
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
The man is playing a flute
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
The dog is running through deep snow.
deprive of courage, hope, or optimism
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
Old style bicycle parked on floor.
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others dressed in the same fashion
Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
A man is standing bare-chested beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
A black and white dog is running through grass.
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
We think it's great news, said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
Close-up of a hummingbird.
A large black dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
The boy isn't playing in the mud
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
There is no one sitting in lawn chairs and reading books
A golden dog is sitting in a field of tall grass
the act of reducing the amount or number.
The person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
A duck floating in the water.
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
become due
A man with no hat is standing outside of a green jeep
A boy is happily playing the piano
The brown horse is far from a red barrel at the rodeo
A boy is playing guitar
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
The wave is being ridden by a surfer
covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).
There is no small guinea pig gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
A person is climbing a snowy mountain.
A dog runs through a snowy field.
A black dog with a red collar is putting its face in the water
A bottle is being licked by the cat
plan, organize, and carry out (an event).
Three men are dancing
A man is strumming a guitar
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of flowers
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
A man is passionately playing a guitar
issue bonds on.
The dog is playing in the water.
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
There is no man eating a bowl of cereal
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl
Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.
There is no little black dog chasing a little brown dog
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver.
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
The person is brushing a cat
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine road covered by snow, that is lit only by headlights
a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
issue bonds on something
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
The boy is speedily riding a tricycle
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
One woman is playing a flute
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
prevent the progress or free movement of.
This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals, Raymond said.
build, make by combining materials or parts
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.
The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track.
A band is performing on a stage
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
A small boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
make less hostile; win over.
A father is in the swimming pool during his daughters launch
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera.
fill with high spirits; fill with optimism.
There is no man playing soccer
A person is cutting some mushrooms
Two kids splashing in the water.
A woman is frying something in a pan
A man is erasing some figures
The patient is helping the doctor
A man is performing a trick on a green bicycle
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
a committee having supervisory powers.
make up something artificial or untrue.
make reference to.
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
A girl is cutting butter into two pieces
The surfer is leaning on a surfboard
The man is singing heartily and playing the guitar
A shirtless man is playing football in a gym
A man on a bicycle is riding on the beach
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
A black dog is running through the snow.
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
the state of being in contact
position or location change
A child in orange is playing outdoors with a snowball
Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough, Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
The European Union is basically absent, said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
A sheep stands on a hillside.
Red and white plane flying through the air.
amount of time that something is postponed
The dog is running on grass.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
A man is cutting tomatoes
Two cats are playfully fighting each other
A large green colored ball is hitting a potato
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
any activity that occupies a person's attention.
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
A man is making a speech on a podium
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a pond
the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight.
remove from memory or existence.
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
The man is playing the instrument
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man
A mental state of sadness.
Two young women sit by a fountain.
physically inflate
A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
A baby rhino is walking around a pen with its mother
have a monopoly of; control fully
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee.
Two men with cars are on the side of a snowy road
A woman is looking at the view of a city
close within bounds; deprive of freedom
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
Men in costumes are walking around in the street
the upper part of a column that supports the entablature.
A young man is pushing a motocross bike down a dirt hill
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the snow
three dogs playing on a beach
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Men are sawing logs
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.
A man is bringing up the rear of the race
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
Two dogs playing in the water.
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves.
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
Someone is nailing a camera lens with loud bangs
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
make a causal or logical connection; group together
A skier is falling into the snow.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
The woman is seasoning the oil
A happy family is posing by the fireplace
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.
A young woman is playing the guitar
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
The dogs are running through the yard.
Two children are playing flag football together.
A big fish is catching a man
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is pulling up
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
A sports team poses on the field.
reach an objective, attain a benchmark or goal
submit, send to
physical matter left behind after a removal process
The dog is running across the gravel
A playing device is amusing a cat
Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses, said Gammerman.
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
A gray cat laying on a brown table.
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
A man is roasting a snake
A woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
A Seadoo is being ridden by a woman
The person is not going into the water
A man is sitting on a boat in font of the sunset, near a flag
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking up
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
luggage compartment of a car
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
Some furious racers on the green grass are yelling at the horses jumping an obstacle
A soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
A monkey is wading through a river
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.
Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
A young oriental girl is standing above people and is playing with a pinwheel
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
appear in a certain way.
Black and white dog running outside.
A man is jumping onto a wall which is low
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
The cat is looking out the window at the table on the perch
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree
A child, who is young, is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome
Two children and an adult are not standing next to a tree limb
have in mind as a plan or purpose
Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table
A woman is posing for three men for a photo
prefer or wish to do something.
The man is slicing bread
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
Young boys play touch football.
A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and is jumping inside
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
A man on a green car is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
A animal is grazing in a field
The man is on the ride with the horse
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
A woman is playing an electric guitar
A baby is playing with a dog 
A dog is running on the road
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow
The young boys are not posing with a green soccer ball in a park
The man is walking along a path through the wilderness
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct
Two bull dogs playing on the floor.
A band is playing some instruments
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Two dogs on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
A kid is splashing in the pool
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
Preserve in a tin or jar.
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules, Parrish said.
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
assign to a specific task.
A cat standing on tree branches.
The man dressed in leather chaps and a purple shirt is standing in front of someone lookers
There is no man playing two keyboards
an approximated amount of something
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley.
(Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.
capital stock in a corporation
owned territory of a sovereign government
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
A lemur is being stroked by a woman
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
A policeman is sitting on a motorcycle
A young child is standing in front of some trees
Stand with arms or forelegs raised, as of menacing.
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.
Anyone who judges or finds fault with something.
A black dog is running in the snow
A bike is ridden on the road by a young boy in a helmet 
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this.
bubble over with a certain feeling
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light.
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
There is no dog looking around
A man is driving a vehicle
A baby elephant is eating a small tree
the act of leading or guiding others
A group of boys in a yard is playing and a man is standing in the background
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
Two men in a running contest.
A young girl is standing on one leg
The animal is grazing on the grass
A black dog is running across a field.
Travel on foot.
The muscular white man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
A woman is slicing butter
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle in the street
a black dog digging through the snow.
Provide or equip specifically with furniture.
One bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
A girl, who is little, is playing a grand piano on stage
The persons are singing and dancing
a brief attempt at some endeavor
The young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
A group of football players is running in the field
Take away a vital or essential part of          something.
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
Three children playing on rocks near a lake
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain.
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
The motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants
A pale dog runs down a path.
There is no man in a suit standing at a microphone and singing
Someone is pouring ingredients into a pot
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
Rugby is being played by some men
A black dog running through water.
Four kids are doing backbends in the park
The man is typing on a machine used for stenography
Two men are not fighting
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
the act of pressing together firmly
There is no dog running on the beach
force to go away by blinking.
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection.
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
A man is naked and standing still
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
appear or become visible; make a showing.
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth.
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided.
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
The tan horse is in the pasture.
A dog is running through a pond
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
pull, or move with a sudden movement.
We have found the smoking gun, investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog.
A woman is grating carrots
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe
a loud resonant repeating noise.
Two children are rolling in dirty water
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
the successful ending of the American Revolution.
a young girl wearing purple running through water
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
A child, who is small, is outdoors climbing steps outdoors in an area full of grass
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building.
have as a logical consequence.
The principal activity that one does to earn money.
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
expect, predict, or forsee something in the future
A man is pouring oil into a pan
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
A young blonde child holding an airplane.
Entreat; ask for some information or action.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
A man is opening a package that contains headphones
dress in a certain manner.
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.
move back and forth or sideways.
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes, which absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
say, state, or perform again
A person is putting meat into a skillet carelessly
recovery or preservation from loss or danger.
A rider is surfing the wave
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four bottles of beer
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
make colder, or icy, using ice
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
exercise authoritative control or power over.
Sniff at inquiringly.
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
The log is lying on the panda bear
Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole.
a problem, something wrong
People are looking at some costumes gathered in the vicinity of the forest
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
The man is not playing the drums
A magic trick is being performed by the magician
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
Change the key, pitch, tone, or volume of,    likely for aesthetic reasons.
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
A man is singing and playing a musical instrument
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light.
Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
A little boy is crawling in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics.
affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn.
The woman is putting makeup on the man
(Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
a jockey riding a horse.
There is no young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
A baby is playing a guitar
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
A dog is running on the beach.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
the act of enumerating or tallying a total
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe.
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
The (period of) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital.
Mud is being thrown to the playing boy
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
the United States, especially the North during the Civil War
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the busâ€™ radio.
Two sumo ringers are fighting
Two teams are competing in a football match
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
A person or thing equal to another in value or significane.
the act of suction
A woman is cutting potatoes
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
direct the course of; manage or control.
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.
move in a spiral or zigzag course.
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest.
The guitar is being played by a man
A brown dog wades in the water.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
the status or fact of being elected.
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
intuitions, a hunch or feeling
A boy is sitting in a seat
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
Something that provides advice.
A chef is preparing some food
smother, surpress or lessen something
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
A man is singing to a woman
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in it's mouth.
The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth.
But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
a man plays his white guitar.
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
A white woman is standing on a woman dressed in blue on a stage
Express audibly; utter sounds (not          necessarily words); indicate.
lumber used in the construction of something.
A racquet is being held by a tennis player in mid game
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
There is no woman dancing in a cage
An American footballer is wearing the red and white strip
A man is using a knife to open a box
A wooden flute is being played by a man
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
A man is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
This child was literally neglected to death, Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
Rewrite in a different script.
A truck is quickly going down a hill
A man is carrying a woman
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation
cause to assume a condition
A brown dog running through the woods.
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds.
Three children are running down a hillside covered by grass
The meat is not being dropped into a pan
Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, the specialist said yesterday.
Nobody is floating on a raft
Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
People are sitting around a bonfire at night
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
There is no kid playing guitar
Two groups of people are playing football
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
A deer is jumping over a fence
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
A group of people is sitting on both sides of a red stone structure
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
A man is removing some food from a box
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
end of the American Revolution
Intend something to move toward a certain goal
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
A woman is talking on a telephonic device
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
become or cause to become obstructed
A man is putting garlic on some slices of bread
On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.
an image that is generated by a computer.
The chef is seasoning the oil
A few men are playing cricket
find out or be informed of a new information, understand or realize
Some fish are swimming
The baby is laughing and crawling
One man is riding a horse
A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is cornering a barrel
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
The bike is being ridden by a girl in a strange outfit
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
There is no baby tiger playing with a ball
The man is rising from a swamp
A concentrated woman is playing flute
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
The girl in the black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on a track and waving
A woman is clumsily putting meat in a pan
Thereâ€™s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
The trumpet is being played by a man
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is not walking near a rocky wall
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game.
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
The people are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant
An elegant woman is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
devote oneself to a special area of work.
The man is driving a car carefully
The woman is holding a white jacket and a red glass in front of the man wearing a t-shirt
A boy looking at a computer screen.
There is no man praying
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
contain or hold; have within.
the act of cutting something into parts.
A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket.
A dog running in the surf.
A dog is fetching a stick out of very dirty water
A train parked at a train station.
A monkey is practicing martial arts
A baby is crawling happily
A man is pouring a pot of cheese sauce into a shredded plate
A person standing on a ridge in the desert.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man
The man is not climbing up a rope
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
A person is slicing some ginger
A man is climbing a rocky mountain.
save or relieve from an experience or action.
the act of dropping something.
A black dog with a red collar is amusedly putting its face in the water
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
The woman is picking up a kangaroo that is little
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
A biker jumps an obstacles.
put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface.
The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar case open for donations
an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity.
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
drag loosely along a surface, trail
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
make underscoring marks.
A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm
compress out of shape or into small pieces
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
The man is wildly dancing
Two dogs are looking at something that is splashing in the water
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
Annoy, harass, or mock, perhaps playfully.
cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
Two dogs playing on carpet.
A boy is tapping his fingernails
A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
The man is kicking a boxing trainer
A dog is playing in the deep snow.
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.
A dog plays on the beach.
A sea turtle is hunting for food
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
People are riding and paddling a raft
Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at the screen
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
A sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
A young child is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
take into one's family.
The man is riding a horse by a stream
The act of beginning something new.
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation
Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
There are no kids jumping on a trampoline
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
A person is not tearing paper
A skier about to go down the mountain.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
The man is not cutting a paper plate
spare in quality or quantity
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out.
The land near a white bird is being watered swiftly
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.
A close-up of a black train engine.
A woman is using a machine made for sewing
convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process
A dog running through a creek.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
A couple is looking at a map
There is no person wearing jeans sitting on top of a horse saddle
The dog is running through a field.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
A woman is chopping up garlic
A woman is showing a dog with very long hair at a dog show
A man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation.
There is no veteran showing things from a war to some people
A man and a woman are driving down the road in a car
The act of moving in a hurried manner.
A dog runs through a field.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the beach
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.
connect or fasten into a chain by linking
There is no team playing soccer
change the key of, in music.
A man is cutting a boot with a blade
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
Several children playing in a ball pit.
A potato is being peeled by a person
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach.
the act of granting rights.
Four dogs run in the grass.
The men are fighting with their fists in a ring
A little girl on a kid swing.
a person who conveys (carries or transmits).
a man running track
An onion is being sliced by the woman
Two panda bears are lying together
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
There is no blond child holding a yellow bottle
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
matter that remains after something has been removed.
A man is on a ship in front of the sunset
Two dogs and two people are walking in the woods
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
an instance of halting some motion
A group of five young adults are lounging in the room
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing.
A great dog is climbing a steep hill
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
A man is performing a jump on a bicycle
care about, be bothered by, be concerned by
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
change the arrangement or position of.
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water, with stick in mouth.
If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you, said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
A man is shooting guns
sharpen with a strap.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage
A man is boiling noodles in water
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
become inflated.
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from          pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
create by putting components or members together.
A white cat looking out of a window.
the hard upper part of the human nose
return to a former condition.
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.
a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body.
to make ready, fit out
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.
The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette
A fish is hunting for a turtle in the sea
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
fix or set securely or deeply.
A squirrel is running in circles
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
signal by winking.
One panda is climbing
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
A man is untying a shoe
Two children are rolling in clean water
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
A dog digging in the sand.
A man is sharpening a knife
Runners are competing in a race
try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.
bring to a certain spiritual state.
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
A person on a yellow bike is airborne
cause to become awake or alert
a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance).
go back to a previous state.
suffer failure, as in some enterprise.
Many people are skating in an ice park
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
The state of being pleased with life.
measure the time or duration of
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.
A woman is chopping broccoli
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
Two teams are playing soccer
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
Two women are dancing
A child is hitting a baseball
Weights are being lifted by the man
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
A man is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court
The little kid is playing football and falling harmlessly into the grass
Two young women are not sparring in a kickboxing fight
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
a prominent attribute or aspect of something.
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
to say, state, or perform again.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the park beside the road
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.
A child is swimming underwater in a pool
He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.
emit a brief burst of light.
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track.
a portion or percentage of a whole
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.
There is no woman peeling a potato
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
Two brown dogs running through water.
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
Two men are leaving the stage
A man is standing on a sidewalk
A person is playing a guitar and singing
The boy is spraying the plants with water
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
make high-pitched sounds.
Two old ladies are wearing worn dresses at home
keep away, prevent from happening, or not do something
make more common, uniform or general
a member of a police force.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
A boy, who is wearing a blue coat, is being held by his father under an umbrella 
an electronic memory device.
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
The man is jumping into the water.
A brown dog sits on the beach.
Some people are walking
A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions
A young girl with roller blades and green foliage in the background.
touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc..
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
A man is walking in a city street
the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface.
lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking.
act or do something in reaction to something
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
The man is playing the flute
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
A brown and white dog running on grass.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
observe or plot the moving path of something.
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline
A woman is walking in a city street
be or act in association with.
A man with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
accounting period of 12 months
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
A lean dog playing in tall grass.
incline from a vertical position
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
A skateboarder is jumping in the air
form schemes in an underhand manner
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is standing on the seat
The man is not cutting the tape on the box
Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
The kids are chasing each other in the sand
The man is putting away the camera and walks away from the beach
A man is singing and walking down the sidewalk
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill.
A person is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
The singer is leaving the band
a rationale or reason for something
carry out or perform an action.
A small animal is singing
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping down from a rock
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage.
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
A dog of large size is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
A man is performing stunts on a green bicycle
The lady is carefully slicing up the meat
manner of handling, managing someone or something
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building.
Regain or make up for, as of a financial loss.
formally announce the termination of an agreement
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
A small animal is lying on the bed
A white dog runs on the sand.
The dog is running through the dry sand
soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi.
A woman is performing in the rain
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
the quality of dissimilarity
to lecture formally to an audience
The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers.
A woman looking upward with her hand above her head.
(finally) do something or be somewhere
A woman is cooking food in a pot of hot water
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
A woman is not slicing an onion
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
We were seconds away from having that happen, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking.
perform a duty
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object.
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
the act of applying paint to a surface
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
A man is playing the piano
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
a list of items to be consulted and marked off
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
Nobody is rinsing a steak with water
The child is delightedly playing with toys outdoors
There is no large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade
be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves.
Two dogs are running quickly through a park.
make certain of the failure or destruction of.
The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue
a boundary marking the extremities of something.
A girl sliding down a pole
A woman waves as she rides a zip line.
There is no person riding a bike
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
Yellow boat on a beach.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters.
A passenger jet flies through the air.
child hanging upside down from a tree swing
Black bird standing on concrete.
A brown and black dog is pointing the nose upwards
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
to bring or combine together or with something else.
A small black dog is in the grass.
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A man is making a phone call
Complain about something or say mean things    to someone.
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a friend
Four people row a canoe in water.
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke
cause to be in a state or location
A young boy jumping into a lake.
The machine is not shaving a pencil
any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc..
the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another.
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
Two children are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.
reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss.
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.
Four people are sitting on a low cement ledge
The cat is playing with a watermelon
a single serving of a beverage.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
There is no man playing guitar
The dog is having a rest in the living room
A toy train is violently striking a toy car
A light brown dog is sprinting in the water
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks.
make a dry crackling sound.
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something
The man is drawing a gun
fall out of the pod or husk.
an impression that something might be the case.
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
a small dog steps onto a log.
Supply with a constant flow of some liquid,          for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
propagation of waves back from a surface
Garlic is being diced by the woman
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
A woman on a rock is standing and looking around
a bundle (especially one carried on the back).
Two people are standing next to a waterway canal.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
a short section of a musical composition.
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
A woman is eating a cupcake
Amount that can be contained
where you live at a particular time.
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
A man is not riding a bicycle
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
A relation of affinity or harmony between people.
The boy is not cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
A banana is being peeled by a person
A small shirtless boy is sliding into a green tube
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
A young boy is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head
A brown dog is calmly standing in the water
There is no one banging a camera lens against a nail
take action or behave in a certain way
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
The brown and white dog is in the water.
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee.
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and cheerfully riding a unicycle in the street
A kid is playing guitar
make impure; make radioactive
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space
A brown dog is running through the grass which is tall and green
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
rise to surface; become visible or known
A baby is splashing inside a blue paddling pool
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
A man and woman sitting on a parked car.
room where work or repairs are done
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
an abundance or profusion of something
The man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
No dog is running through the snow
There is no woman cleaning a shrimp
the justification for some act or belief.
strive against another or others to attain a goal
A woman is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
A family is watching a little boy who is missing a baseball
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
Physically attach to something.
The bride and the groom are leaving after the marriage
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
A little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
The cat is hungrily drinking milk
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water.
a lid or top of a container
Two children are playing
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee.
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," JimÃ©nez said.
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
The young man is rock climbing
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch.
Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera
This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved, investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
A man is cutting a box
Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest
Two kids playing with a dog.
preserve in a can or tin.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
The woman is picking up a baby kangaroo
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
A woman is cutting a tomato
We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible, Kennedy said.
The helmeted girl is perching on a bike
signify or mean to express or convey
Several children are sitting down and have their knees raised
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
be in or establish communication with
the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations).
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
A man and a woman are standing on the curb
the quality of not being useful or convenient.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.
catch fire.
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field.
A motorbike rider is jumping over a person on a sandy track
cause to become alive again.
communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs
A classroom full of students is looking attentively in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
A man is riding a scooter
the extreme endpoint of something
A young man with a beard at an event.
A man and a woman are silent
create an edge or border
Two dogs in a house playing with toys.
A dog is biting a mop.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the stars and is walking on the tennis court
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
A lady is cutting up some meat
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously, he added.
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee.
A child, who is young, is wearing a white coat and playing a game
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
A little girl is hitting a ball off a tee
A cartoon airplane is landing
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground.
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.
Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee.
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
There is no man in a hat playing a harp
A human utters words loudly and forcefully.
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
make even or more even.
A woman is not riding a horse
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread near a woman
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines, said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
design for a specific purpose
A yellow boat on shore.
the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
Four dogs stand in the snow.
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.
A man is jumping a wall
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
A man is doing exercises
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.
a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare).
A woman is not talking on a telephone
After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
twist suddenly so as to sprain.
take into one's family or group
One man is intensely playing a guitar
A sheep standing in a forest.
the act of contacting one thing with another.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
goal or objective
A boy, wearing a baseball cap, jumps in the air near some steps.
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
Someone is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
A white dog running on the beach.
There is no light brown dog running up a street
an established or recognized right.
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
There is no boy standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
be given to, come into the possession of
Two women sheering a sheep.
state of being under control
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
A person is removing eggs from a bowl
break down, literally or metaphorically.
A man in a cap is playing a harp
Someone is playing the guitar
A woman is playing the violin
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
A ball is being chased by a yellow dog
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
Children in swimming suits are playing in the pool
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
The man is not kick boxing with a trainer
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
A brown puppy is biting a pole
utter in a certain way
A boy is spanking a man with a toy weapon
The black and white dog is sitting on a green yard
have or exploit a monopoly of.
A keyboard is being played by a person
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the sofa
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
Two horses standing in a pen.
A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink
Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
A man is hanging up the phone
A group of people are walking
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
A woman is playing with a brown dog on a garden path
A man climbing a rock-face.
A brown and black dog walks in the snow with it's tongue hanging out.
Red double decker bus with hood up.
Two smiling women holding a baby.
City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees, says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
A man is doing physical activity
A soccer player is kicking a ball out of the goal
A man is playing a guitar that is acoustic
A black and white dog is carrying a huge stick on the green grass
A person is looking at a bike designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is racing by
Four dogs are not playing in a grassy area
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching
A father is pushing his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is watching
turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship.
There is no large brown dog and small grey dog standing on a rocky surface
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
an area that is approximately central within some larger region.
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
A cat is walking on a hardwood floor
cook on a hot surface using fat.
The deer is jumping over the low fence
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
(cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover
A little boy with a bib is not watching the camera
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean.
move from one place to another.
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
The woman is not dicing garlic
People are riding two camels at the beach
I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it, she said.
Two men are hugging
A cat is thrown at the ceiling by a person
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
A close up of a brown faced cat.
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
take liberties or act with too much confidence.
A dog in the backyard is carrying black fur in a basket in its mouth.
settlement of people distant from their homeland
A dog laying in the snow.
The chef is carefully pouring oil in the pan
The little kid is playing football and falling into the grass
A person is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
A train on the train tracks.
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
A woman is not frying meat
an opinion formed by judging something.
value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something.
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
There is no child waking up
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
The man is playing an acoustic guitar
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
The curious boys look in the shed.
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
pass by means through a lock in a waterway.
characteristic call of an animal
A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone.
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife
The man is dancing
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
the act of sorting things into categories
A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker.
the act of applying force suddenly.
A few children are jumping on a trampoline
A woman with blond hair is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
A person is spreading butter on a tray
a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12.
A man is being hit by a kid with a weapon
Two dogs jumping on each other.
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
A black dog asleep in a car.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
A large duck is flying over a rocky stream
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing it's teeth.
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
A black bird is taking flight from a dead tree
The girl, who is little, is swinging and the woman is standing behind
cast off, get rid of something
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into a pony tail
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers, said McKechnie.
A woman in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
The south African plane is flying in a blue sky
A person is looking at a motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is racing by
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
A young woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
Two dogs running in a field.
A girl in pink is twirling a ribbon
The woman is waterskiing
the act of constructing something.
The act of copying the actions of someone else.
There is no woman standing near three children
A kid is playing a guitar
Black and white cat lying under bush.
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
Some women are talking
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
A black dog is moving along rocky terrain
place or put on the ground.
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.
have an argument about something.
The group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
A brown dog is running through the field.
obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.
cause to procreate (animals).
Some dogs are playing in a stream
an offer of marriage.
Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition.
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
The snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill
restore to a previous or better condition.
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
Two dogs run through grass.
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
A tan dog is playing in the water on the bank of a pond
A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill.
A woman runs beside a concrete wall.
The man and woman are strolling
The panda bear is resting on the logs
any likeness of a person, in any medium.
The boy is sitting near the blue ocean
appoint someone to (a position or a job).
A woman is not peeling a potato
A brown dog in a field.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping on a masonry pyramid
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar.
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
strike as if by whipping.
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
A deer jumping over a fence.
There is no one typing
Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snowy road
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
support by placing against something solid or rigid.
The four kids are riding a raft on the water.
The woman is not walking the dog
come into the possession of.
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
A bike is being ridden by a woman wearing paint and costume pieces on a busy street
Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on the grass
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball outside
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
Two white dogs running in the snow.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
remove by pinching or snipping
festive social event, celebration
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
Nobody is beating an egg
A small brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
a public enclosure for animals, as dogs
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
human legs, informal usage
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding dress
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
A red train driving through a snow covered city.
sink to a lower level or form a depression.
There is no man playing guitar next to a drummer
A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story, Fiorina said.
A woman is cutting a white onion
the occupants of a floor.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
A kid is playing with a toy dog
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
the high value or worth of something.
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.
A man is naked and is lying in the field
We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said.
Two kids and a man are playing games at an arcade
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm
run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream.
make a mark or lines on a surface.
the act of raising something.
Something is being celebrated by a cold cyclist
A dog which is furry and black is in a back yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
A woman is cutting a fish
Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.
Horse standing in a field.
A man walking two dogs down a street.
The person is writing with a pencil
touch or hold with the hands
printed version of electronic data from a computer
a quantity of money.
Two dogs playing on grass.
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line
A dog is running on the sea shore
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water.
A practicing jumper is tossing a person's snowboard into the air
get on top of; deal with successfully.
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
To move (the head or body) quickly    downwards or away (from something).
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
bring into being.
Someone is peeling a banana
There is no woman slicing a potato
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
A dog runs through an obstacle course.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
the physiological activation of an organism or organ
Three men eating in a kitchen.
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal.
A tree is falling over a bridge made over the river which a dog is crossing
cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a coat dyed in blue
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
Two eagles are perched on a branch.
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is begging for money
request or demand something from someone
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.
Two dogs are playing inside
a relation that provides the foundation for something.
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
scar physically; create a mark on someone or something
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
make or become thick
Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in the water
settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.
have a disagreement over something.
Two women are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
A dog runs across the grassy field.
A person is reading the email
any accounting period of 12 months.
a feeling of aversion or antipathy.
There is no man cutting onions
Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
The boys are standing in front of the car, which is burning
Two people sitting on a dock.
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake.
Nobody is holding a hedgehog
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
accuse formally of a crime.
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
register formally as a participant or member.
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
Be larger in number, quantity, power,          status, or importance, without personally having sovereign power.
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
The dog is catching a blue ball
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
military personnel lost by death or capture.
give an incentive for action.
A white plane on the runway.
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym
Two boys and a man are playing games at an arcade
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass.
mold for casting, setting concrete
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.
disregard, fail to attend to
There is no man on a rock high above some trees standing in a strange position
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.
Two men step off the bus together.
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.
An old woman is wearing a rose patterned shirt and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
A man is singing and playing the guitar
A young child dressed for cold weather is standing outside
A man juggles at the beach.
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
The man is standing outdoor and the boy is falling over the bottom of the stairs
a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture.
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
Small dog chews on a big stick.
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
A woman, who is old, is near a white dog
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.
A dog is sitting on the ground
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
A man dances on a colorful wall.
A person is chopping an onion
A group of people are not looking at sound equipment
Depressed woman sitting on couch.
a straight length of road or racetrack
Two dogs playing on the beach.
Five people are standing in the grass with three dogs
A family is watching a little boy who is hitting a baseball
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park.
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
There is no squirrel spinning around in circles
A man is tearing up the pictures of a lake
draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs.
A group of people is on a mountain
A person is removing the butter from a tray
There is no dog which is furry and black in a back yard carrying a basket in its mouth.
Two women with dogs are walking on a forest path
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water.
A kid is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
Blue and black pants are being worn by the motocross rider
There is no woman slicing a tomato
speed up the progress of; facilitate.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing in the garden
There is no window being cleaned by a man
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach.
an inherent aptitude or talent
Some children are wearing black tights and hopping
a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
A woman is shooting at target practice
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
the last section of a communication.
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a dog with a brown coat in the grass
A state of confusion or disorder.
have a disagreement or quarrel over something
Two men are playing guitar
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
The player is dunking the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
the act of appraising, critiquing something
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
Four children on stools in a diner.
A woman is pouring eggs into a frying pan
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
government income due to taxation.
Nobody is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
Brown and white dog playing in the grass.
the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others.
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
Two cats are looking at a window.
People ride up an escalator.
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road.
travel along a zigzag path.
A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
The man is not riding a horse by a creek
A man is cutting a cord with a sword
The black dog is climbing on a rock
A person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
Ingredients are being poured into a bowl by a woman
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
A red double decker bus on a city street.
An authoritative text or the corresponding citation.
Two rams stand on snowy ground.
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
prove to be false or incorrect.
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
A man in a white hat is touching a cardboard box
The boy is playing in the mud
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
A person is wiping butter on a tray
A shirtless man catches a football
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle.
Two people are sailing a small boat.
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
catch in or as if in a trap.
The turtle is following the red fish
an onerous worry or concern
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
a discipline, a branch of knowledge
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg.
impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.
A kid in orange is playing outside with a snowball
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
Two birds interacting in the grass
A motorbike rider is running over a man 
A topless woman is being smeared with brown substance and a nobody is in the background
put a new heel on.
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
A man is slicing a potato into pieces
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
A woman is not cutting broccoli
A dog laying in a pet jacket.
A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant's head.
be a summary of.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
There is no Asian woman holding a fur scarf
A piano is being played by a person
A guitar is being played by a kid
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
A person is not doing a trick on a slide
A baby rhino and its mother are standing in a pen
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
The dog is jumping in the air.
A boy is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
a citizen of ancient Troy
a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation.
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Two people are walking near the water
A tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball
A dog is chasing a stick and holding another dog in its mouth
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photo
A man on a bike is riding on the shore
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
Three friends are making faces for the camera
make tight or tighter.
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is dropping a bucket
Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.
Many football players sitting on the ground.
take out or up with or as if with a scoop.
The group of people is sitting on the ground outside a monument
The man is adding seasoning to the water in a bowl
The white dog is not wearing reindeer ears and isn't near a brown dog
Two men are racing in the water.
A boy is playing a keyboard
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A person riding a dirt bike.
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered.
A man is uninterestedly holding a sign and is seeking money
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
alter by chemical means, to make images.
The woman is not picking up a baby kangaroo
economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation.
Somebody is pouring tomato oil on the man
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
become liquid or fluid when heated.
Four people eating dessert around a table.
A man in a red uniform is swiftly making a jump in a dirt bike race
A girl is standing alone and wears a black shirt and pink beads
The band isn't singing
There is no dog licking a baby
move from one location to another
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass.
A brown dog is carrying a colored toy in the grass
A black dog standing in a field.
pass into by penetrating or permeating
A man walking a large black horse.
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle.
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment
A man skis on a snowy mountain.
A man is putting vegetables into a pot
make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring.
Two dogs are wrestling and hugging
an appraisal of the value of something.
put in a particular place or abstract location
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall.
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
a black, brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth.
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court.
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.
A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
There is no cold cyclist celebrating
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
A man is dancing on the road
A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands
The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella
come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
A little white dog running through the sand.
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
A skier skiing down a large mountain
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
The boy is checking a calendar
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
A boy is playing a guitar
A black cat and a small white and black cat are looking up at a kitchen countertop
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
A dog is sleeping on a beach covered by snow
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
something that is made real or concrete.
A boy under an umbrella is being let go by his father who is wearing a blue coat
move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
A person is riding an electric bicycle
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth
Several people are sitting at little tables in a darkened room
an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette.
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a plant
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
Two large dogs are running together through the grass.
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique
a group of people living together in a camp.
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
A cow is not eating hay
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
A climbing boy rescues the fearful cat from over the wall
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
physically grapple with an opponent
A blonde man is hanging by gymnastic ropes
manipulate in a fraudulent manner.
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.
A bike is being ridden by a person
disentangle and raise the fibers of.
Three dogs running through a puddle.
A girl is riding a horse
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
Four athletes are with a man in a crowded stadium
If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism, he said.
A man is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
A black dog is running in the grass
A young girl is standing still
the act of designating or identifying something.
the condition of living or the state of being alive.
render one language in another language
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
The woman is penciling on eyeshadow
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball.
the act of surrendering an asset
scrape or rub to relieve itching
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole.
A little girl is hitting a baseball off a tee
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred).
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
The men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
There is no woman putting on lipstick
Rollerbladers are rolling in formation down a hill
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
People running away from seagulls on the beach.
The man in brown colored shorts is walking on the rocks beside a river
Nobody is cutting a capsicum into pieces
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
Person snowboarding at a ski slope.
There is no boy walking across a bridge
Some children are playing on a playground
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.
deal with according to routine or procedure
Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall
Fighting continued until midnight, western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pot on the stove
a sudden outburst.
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball in the garden
a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause.
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
Brown dog running on grass.
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
One man is leading the race
The kittens are eating the food on the trays
The man is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
People are far from a beach full of sand by the ocean and are suffering from the sunny day
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of yellow flowers
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
a way or means to achieve something.
A man kayaks in rough water.
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
make certain the failure or destruction of; destine
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the beach which is sandy
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
be incompatible; be or come into conflict.
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.
There is nobody jumping in the air on a board
A woman taking her own photo from above.
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water.
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
One climber is holding a rock and another man is roping a wall
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A black dog is running in the grass and its tongue is hanging out
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
a feeling of aversion, distaste, antipathy
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large, fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow.
A musician is playing a keyboard
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is looking on
an indication of something, evidence
A lone bicyclist is putting down a bike
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.
free from obligations or duties.
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city
A person is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
shine intensely, as if with heat.
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.
It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
restrict or limit the range of
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
make sense of; assign a meaning to.
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the groupâ€™s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
a demanding or stimulating situation.
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
A man standing in front of a brick building.
Two dogs running along dirt path.
A man is dancing on a roof 
A person is doing a trick on a snowboard
A boy riding on a swing.
an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion.
A man sitting in a cluttered room.
A flute is being played by a girl
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide.
A living room with a dining table in the background.
Try to cure by special care    or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
discover a logical or causal connection; associate
a man dressed in a batman costume.
go around the rim of
A brown dog is running breathlessly across the yard with a toy in its mouth
a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome
A black dog lies on the grass.
There are no men sawing
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild.
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp.
The show for the small child is being set on an exciting swing at the park
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows.
Nobody is cooking okra in a pan
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.
Two pandas are lying together
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
There is no woman wearing a blue helmet and riding a bicycle in a parking lot
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture
The woman is dicing garlic
A dog with a blue collar is not playing with the ball outside
Music is being performed by four people outdoors
Two people are driving a motorcycle
A shoeless woman is standing over a blanket near a lavender umbrella
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
The woman surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
Man standing in front of silver train.
Scuba diver submerged in water.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
Make or create something for a specific function.
A woman in a red dress is putting away an instrument
Two cars for racing are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
Write a computer programme.
The men are in the suitcases that are being packed in the trunk of a car
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
run or flow slowly
to cause to become quiet
Red double decker bus with hood open.
Move oneself very fast.
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight
A woman is being smeared with brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
lift and reset in another soil or situation.
Several swimmers are dashing into the water
A woman is dancing in a cage
A group of dogs racing.
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
Two soccer teams are playing, one is in white the other in red.
The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument
The young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
A man is stopping a horse
take or capture by force.
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
Two dogs running on the shore.
There is no baby being put into a trash can by a woman
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
The orange colored dices are being cast by a cook to win the pepper
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
A girl in a strange outfit is riding the bike
A black dog and a yellow dog are playing with each other
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary
observe with care or pay close attention to.
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court.
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
Boy feeding a sheep.
There is no woman slicing a fish
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
glare or strike with intensity
become the owner or posessor of something
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes.
Tofu is being sliced by a woman
A guitar is being played by a woman
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
A large group of cheerleaders is walking in a parade
The girl is sitting on the sofa and crocheting
The boys are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles.
A dog is playing on the green grass
They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears, Bush said.
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
two dogs running in grass
The black dog is running through the snow.
Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
There is no man in a pose being watched by another man
A man with tattoos is holding a couch with a pencil
Man playing game in a store.
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness
A purple crowd of people is eating on various red lit restaurant tables
A black and orange bird is not standing in the grass
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
The girl is not using an eye pencil on her eyelid
A dog is catching a ball
glare or strike with great intensity.
A tomato is being sliced by a woman
More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.
an area enclosed by walls or buildings
There is no dog chasing a ball in the grass
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.
a woman with a big necklace.
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right.
forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper).
make more intense, stronger, or more marked.
The woman is playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
The woman isn't stirring eggs in a bowl
A man is cutting a bun
A man is not drawing on a digital dry erase board
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards.
A man rock climbing.
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin.
A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth.
A woman is tapping her fingers
put or set into, between or among
The man is doing exercises
take measures in preparation for.
Some food is being eaten by a man
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
There is no girl in white dancing
A group is not riding the current in a raft
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
A couple of boys are playing a video game
Two dogs running on grass.
A woman is being kissed by a man
be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
People sitting on acouch.
a knapsack, bundle on the back
a woman with a viking hat on.
a local announcement made within a public broadcast
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
line, cover
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
the day before today
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny
Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
A shirtless man rock climbs.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing an extravagant dress
A black and orange bird is standing in the grass
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
Children in swimming suits are playing in the water
The smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside the building in the snow
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree.
There is no man making a phone call
The women are singing and dancing
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a young girl sitting on the sidewalk
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg
A man is riding a motorcycle
The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses
cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect.
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.
A man in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
A ball, which is green and big, is knocking a potato
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
A motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a white motorcycle
People in costumes are walking around in the street
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion
A black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for
a detention center for prisoners or drunks
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
the trade of a funeral director.
A dog is running on a muddy path
Three men are jumping on a wall
A man is sitting on a sidewalk
A woman is standing near three children
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a container
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
A person is riding a motorcycle
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
two brown and black dogs growling at each other.
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat.
the general activity of selling.
Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing floats for their arms
Several old people are posing for a photo and holding beers
any address at which you dwell more than temporarily.
There is no cat playing with a device
A rhino, which is little, is following an adult rhino
A young child is splashing in the water
A group of people is holding food and pointing at the camera
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on a park porch
Three men are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
There is no man with a camera studying the subject
The person is quickly slicing a vegetable
A boy is playing a wind instrument
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
a full stop, as a punctuation mark
A woman is not slicing garlic
Adults and children standing and playing in front of a stair near a wooded area
A dog is licking a baby
cause to be agitated, excited, or roused.
A woman is restraining the dog
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
There is no woman playing the violin
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
A brown dog plays in the snow.
A race car driver is standing up and pointing his hand at the sky
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
marriage offer
A man is pouring liquid into a pot
an implement consisting of a length of wood.
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.
take or have a position relative to others.
Train gliding on tracks.
A greyhound jumps over a chain.
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
A black dog is jumping off a dock into a pond
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.
repeat; reestablish or begin again
a statement, an idea expressed in language
Increase the acoustic volume of.
Two boys are playing a video game
a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
the power to use something or someone.
PNC regrets its involvement in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
place into the ground for growing
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.
(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.
A brown and white dog is passing under a red, yellow and white hurdle
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach.
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.
A girl sitting in a living chair.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.
A woman is putting make-up on
A surfer is surfing a big wave
A man rides a large black motorbike.
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
Drinking milk helps a cat's hunger
A few people are singing
The girl in the blue and white uniform isn't cheering
A group of people is standing on both sides of a red stone structure
The seagull is floating on the water.
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning.
A person is drawing some figures
draw a cross in the air over something
A dog is chasing a ball on the grass
(Cause to) strike the air in flight.
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
A brown dog running.
A girl is raising a blue uniform with her arm
Two kids are pushing past a crocodile in an inflatable pool
look furtively.
process or manner of functioning or operating.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter.
The little girl is swinging and the woman is standing behind her
symbolize, serve as an example of
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green vehicle
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
clear mucus from one's throat
Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
save from an experience, action or harm
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
A surfer is falling off the wave
A man is frying a tortilla
A woman is standing with a pair of dogs
A black and white dog is dropping a baseball from its mouth
The woman is slicing a tomato
A man is holding a sign and is seeking money
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
A group of dogs are racing and have muzzles on their noses
A man is doing pull-ups
A man in a black wetsuit is surfung in the waves.
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope.
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cell phone with other people behind him.
an objective or goal
The man is fasting
a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets.
A cat is stuck on a ceiling fan that is moving
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
A deer is jumping over a wall
The man is playing the drums
A red, double-decker bus.
the essence or gist of something
The man is removing sliced cucumbers from water
rotary motion of an object around its own axis.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is sitting outside a building
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
be a reason, cause, or justification of
A girl jumping in the grass.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
A woman poses with a baby.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
Paper is being cut with scissors
A man is dancing on the floor
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
The person is setting fire to the cameras
The man is a guitar player
Two girls are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city
A man is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag
There is no cat eating corn on the cob
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
The plane is landing
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
A skateboarder in mid-air above an indoor ramp.
incite action, cause an event
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water.
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a close target
Two dogs of different breeds are looking angrily at each other across a street
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
Nobody is playing on a trampoline
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop.
a natural growth of plants, usually trees
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
A golden dog plays in the snow
a sculpture of a human or animal
A woman is amalgamating eggs
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
A passenger train coming into a station.
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
The men are not playing soccer
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
Two dogs are playing on a sandy beach
a little girl is laughing at the camera.
A horse is racing
Many cars parked on a mountain.
A man is drawing on a board
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
A kid is playing the piano
a fast rate or occurrence of something
Children in swimming suits are not playing in the water
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
Two dogs are leaping through snowy grass and rocks
A person is holding a skunk
The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
protect or fight for as a champion.
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill, Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
fill with high spirits
Some water is being drunk by a cat
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
run at a moderately swift pace.
two dogs play in the grass.
A man is eating onion slices
Soak up (as if) with a sponge.
to grow rapidly
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
Some men are sawing
The boy is not riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking beer
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
A boy, who looks young and is wearing a red swimsuit, is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy beach
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
A man climbs a snowy mountain.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective gloves for boxing
The woman is not putting pasta into a dish
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a ball
There is no man standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
Some young dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
return to in thought or speech
make impure.
One man is descending a cliff with a rope
A man is standing near a bike and is writing on a piece paper
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are lying in the snow
imagine; form a mental picture of something
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
The white dog is running along the beach.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
A man and a woman watch two dogs.
A man is slicing a potato
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
the state of being depleted.
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
There is no woman coating a pork chop
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
A white bird is swiftly taking off from the water
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware
Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.
stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.
A small white dog is running across a lawn
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail.
Sunglasses are being worn by a boy
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
time to come
Two people are passionately kissing near a crowd
A green bike parked outside a book store.
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
cause animals to move
It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
A dog running on the beach
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
The chef is carefully pouring some oil into a pan
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
The dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
Either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided, or key properties that distinguish the categories.
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
put in a dangerous position
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
A biker is riding along the top of a fence
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
the act or capability of seeing
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
move or change one's own position or quality
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
A woman is ignoring a man
A blue train in a mountainous area.
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee.
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another.
provide with a toggle or toggles.
An animal is emerging from a lake
Woman at table busy with something.
A man is not cutting an onion
There is no man singing and playing the guitar
A brown dog and a black dog are frolicking in the sand
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate.
The men are not dancing
With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
make new.
falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey
A brown dog is running through tall green grass
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging each other
There is no woman in a yellow shirt surfing on a pink surfboard
The dog runs through the snow.
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
A woman is cutting some plants
A brown dog is running through a snowy path
The climbing equipment to rescue a man is hanging from a white, vertical rock
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
The man is not chopping a tree trunk with an axe
A horse is falling on someone
In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
A large pile of wooden items piled high.
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a tennis ball
A surfer in a black wet suit surfs on a medium wave.
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
A thin lady is piecing together oriental carrot cuts
A girl wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
A man is riding a mechanical bull
There is no guy leaping into the air in a wooded area
behave violently, as if in state of a great anger.
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
A panda bear is eating some bamboo
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
There is no man riding an electric bicycle
A bicycle is being ridden by the little boy in a race
A man is slowly trekking in the woods
A car is riskily jumping over a girl
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
Physically raise from a lower position.
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
The Jockeys are riding horses on the field, which is completely green
a retail store with merchandise for sale
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.
The bicycle is being ridden by a man wearing a beret on a recreation trail
A brown and white animal is jumping on the sidewalk
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
A costumed performer is singing and people are dancing
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
A man is playing an instrument
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
coating used as a repellant to moisture
A black poodle plays in the snow.
reshow a play or broadcast
a boat floats in the water.
There is no dog playing with a red ball
write all the required information onto a form.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river.
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
a single chance or instance.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the beach
an air force unit smaller than a squadron.
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
The basketball player holds the ball.
take apart into constituent pieces
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
the act or event of ending a process, state, situation
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
have need of.
One man is playing the guitar
Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths
Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
A black dog retrieves a bird.
Three people are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
A small dog runs through a grassy field.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night
A tiger is walking outside a cage
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
A black sheep is standing near three white dogs
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
Give a performative affectation to (something).
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
a tan dog swimming in some water
The person isn't riding a motorbike on a sandy track
We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy, said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
One dog makes a playful bite on another dog.
The boy is playing in the sand.
The dog with the brown coat is playing outdoors
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks.
The large dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
A man is getting into a car in a garage
The soccer player is kicking the ball between somebody's legs
Two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach
A small bird on a tiny branch.
Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily.
A small child is showing boredom on a swing set at the park
A man is jumping onto a low wall
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
A woman is cutting garlic
strike with horror, surprise, disgust
cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
A man is wearing a hard hat and dancing
A young female rider on a brown horse.
An empty office cubicle.
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
There is no boy checking a calendar
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
return in thought or speech to something.
Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
The chef is carefully drying the oil from the pan
Some food is being prepared by a chef
Young couple sitting on couch.
A boy is walking across a bridge
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
The woman is wearing glasses and a black headdress
club or association of people with a shared interest
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
A large tennis ball is being used to teach a dog to run in the grass and catch it with its mouth
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung
The man is doing a magic trick
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
An elderly man is sitting on a bench
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut
There is no man playing a piano
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
A black dog in the snow is jumping onto the ground and missing a stick
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity
allow the passage of air through.
The large brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition
A man is spreading butter on a piece of bread which is big
We think they have the right to choose.
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
the act of expressing approval, support of something
fail to do something; leave something undone.
Young boys running along the pavement.
A dog is running in the snow.
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field.
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.
obtain or provide money for.
a method for solving a problem
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are pointing at something in the distance
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store.
the rate of some repeating event.
A kangaroo is picking up the woman's baby
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.
I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose.
A big potato is knocking a green ball
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods
A journey for some purpose.
A man is mixing a few ingredients in a bowl
Two boy are playing on a trampoline
The cowboy is tossing the blue and red pants towards the horse
A girl dressed in purple and blue is slowly walking beside her bike at night
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in mid air.
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
A man is putting some food in a box
(cause to) come to rest on a surface
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city
A motorcyclist "pops a wheelie" in a grassy field framed by rolling hills.
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree.
A woman is riding a scooter towards the water
Some liquid is being poured into a pan by a man
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a car
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
hurt, feel physical pain
A monkey is brushing the dog
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
Two people are riding a motorcycle
A man is taking pictures of a lake
A flute is being put away by a girl
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
A young occidental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
The young girl with a shirt dyed pink is peacefully lying on the grass
Remove water from a substance.
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence.
A woman is cutting fruit
A grey silky dog is lying in the grass and a brown dog is looking on
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
A dog, which is black, and another one, which is white, are staring at each other in the street
the act of choosing, picking one among many
cover with liquid before cooking.
Two children are shown upside down.
A black dog is shaking off water.
The girl in the blue and white uniform is cheering
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
A large duck is perching over a rocky stream
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
A woman is exercising
The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
The big white dog is running in the grass.
The person is riding a jetski in the waves
the condition of being motivated.
travel in front of; go in advance of others.
Convert the genetic information in a strand          of DNA into a strand of RNA.
reply verbally or in written form to a question, comment, letter, or speech
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
A group of boys is not playing soccer on the beach
A girl is playing a guitar
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
A middle eastern woman is standing with her back against a lamp post near to other people
(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
Two people are walking by the ocean.
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee.
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts.
Somebody is boiling okra in a pot
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
A tennis player in mid game is holding a racquet
The men are placing suitcases in the trunk of a car
The oil is being stirred by a man
partake or provide a banquet
A horse is being ridden in a creek by a man
A man is playing a wooden flute
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
No dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
A daughter is being pushed by her father on a go-kart and another girl is watching
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf.
the act of allowing, bestowing something
a short account of the news.
The parrot is talking into the microphone
Three men are looking into the distance
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
A man and two women are standing in a bright room by a table with candles
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is sliding
The lady is cracking an egg into a dish
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
A golden retriever is not running
A black and white dog is jumping for a ball
move to a lower position, terminate something
An aircraft is taking off
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
Some cheerleaders are taking a break
The woman is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
A cold cyclist is celebrating
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
A group of people are dancing at a concert
The brown dog is running across the sand.
But they donâ€™t realize that until itâ€™s too late (of course) because theyâ€™re potential victims in a horror movie.
the popular taste at a given time.
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
A car parked in front of train tracks.
Two dogs playing together on the grass.
Ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
Two men are riding an orange raft on the shore
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
Two dogs are running through high grass
There is a guy cheerfully playing with a footbag
Give an incentive or reason for action.
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow.
Young boy plays ball on the beach.
mark with scars
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
A man is outside close to a target for blade throwing
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
There is no man patting an alligator on the mouth
Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.
A kid is splashing in the ocean
A guy is riding a horse
Literally cause to become unable to see.
A large boat on the sea.
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
A child in a green and white uniform for sports is running over the grass
a dog jumps into the pond.
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities
fruit preserved by cooking with sugar.
keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition
a straightaway section of a racetrack.
A motorcyclist without a helmet is waiting on a blue motorcycle near the road
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.
a reference line used to align lettering
Two dogs stand in water and bite each other's mouths.
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid.
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
Two people in two chairs are reading pleasantly
The woman is cracking two eggs into a bowl made of glass
A man is slicing onions
Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.
There is no child holding a water gun or getting sprayed with water
A man is carrying a tree
A man is playing with water
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
A woman is mixing the content of a bowl
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
A man on a bike nest to a river.
A man on a bicycle is riding on one wheel only
A man elegantly dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
Boy lies on stomach in grass.
A woman is tapping her fingers nervously
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
make coincide in time or operation
an increase in size as measured per unit of time
the legal granting or bestowment of rights
There is no man cutting tomatoes
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
The rhino is not grazing on the grass
Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard in the back
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean.
create something in the mind
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other.
the act of committing a crime.
The person is practicing the guitar
A woman is cleaning a man's face
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
a style and size of typeset
A dog is opening a can of food
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
assimilate into the mind or a situation
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.
A girl has colored patches on the cheeks
A dog is scattering a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
The surfer is riding a small wave
A little girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on the head
an indication of some hidden activity.
the positively charged dense center of an atom.
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting, he said.
A group of football players is standing still in the field
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
the event of gradually vanishing from view
A person is standing on a mountain top
Three Asian kids are dancing and a serious man is looking
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue.
A man is walking down a road
a movement back from an impact.
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.
provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion.
There is no woman slicing a green pepper
The bird is sitting on the branch.
The kid, who is doing magic, is tricking an old man
There is no man pouring cleaner into the sink
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
There is no man cutting a box
the act of flipping a coin.
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
beat (as if) with a whip or rod
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
A person who is practicing snowboarding falls from the air
An event that causes someone or something to die.
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball.
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
dysfunction or ailment of the heart
A teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.
The man is slicing a potato
There is no person peeling an onion
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
A white cat stands on the floor.
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
An email is being read by a man
make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically.
Someone is stroking the belly of an animal
Two dogs play in the snow.
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
The runners are racing around a track
The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another person
Makeup is being put on the man by the woman
ponder, consider, observe carefully
There is no butter being added to the stand mixer
A young kid is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
A dog is teasing a monkey at the zoo
A man is on a boat in front of the sunset
There is no woman wearing sunglasses of large size and holding newspapers in both hands
A man is rowing a canoe
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
the trait of being well behaved.
mark with a scar.
A sheep beside a road and a lake.
There is no one peeling a banana
The rhino is being fed on the grass
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are watching
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is phoning someone
Some cheers are being performed by the girl in the blue and white uniform
Japanese school girls walk down the street.
wear away or erode.
separate (as if) by passing through a sieve
Three people in a glass structure.
The scuba diver is underwater.
A football player is running past an official carrying a football
A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory.
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.
A man is lumping dough
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a car
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
Two small children are playing with a toy car in the street
edge tool used in shaving.
A dog is running through the ocean.
regard something likely or reasonable to happen
Rugby players are not tackling each other
cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
the shape of a wave in a given period of time
a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree.
There is no small dog chasing a large brown cow
There is no boy playing guitar
A man on inline skates is skating at a park built for skating
There is no man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over wall full of graffiti
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
A large man is sitting in a military accessories store
leave undone or leave out
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
A big black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps.
a sporting match, boxing
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants
An old woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
the amount that can be contained.
The white reindeer wearing dog ears is near a brown reindeer
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality
apply a plaster cast to.
a written list of particular things being offered
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
An egg is being cracked into a bowl by a woman
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
edit so as to block the truth; prevent distribution
Approach a limit as the number of terms          increases without limit; specifically a mathematical term.
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
The act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean.
clean, wash thoroughly
A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
Older woman holding newborn baby.
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
One man is climbing a cliff with a rope
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
a state of social order in conformance with existing law
the gradual process of acquiring knowledge.
There is no man reading the email
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
A person is sitting and wearing a grass hat
A boy is wearing a white hat and is walking on the beach
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
Two children jumping into a body of water.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light    from a source.
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
A person skateboarding at a skate park.
A man is skiing down a snowy hill
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
face an event and survive; endure
A little girl is smiling and running out of the house
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
A plant structure near the top of the plant.
A dog playing in the snow.
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.
Two dogs are running through a small pond
The bride and the groom are leaving after the wedding
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach
One man is climbing a rock wall and another man is holding a rope
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
throw with force or recklessness; cast away
Three ice skaters round a corner.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
A man is not playing with water
The small dog protects its owner.
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
A man is singing into an old microphone
the act of dwelling in a place.
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine
The person is playing the flute
a quantity that is twice as great as another.
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
There is no person cutting an onion
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
A dog, which is small, is running out of the green grass
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
The dogs are playing in the snow.
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
A chimp is practicing martial arts
The south African plane is not flying in a blue sky
the act of examining resemblances.
Two young children wearing sunglasses
Two women are happily dancing
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
A basketball player holding a basketball.
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
remove the husks from.
A coal train traveling down the tracks.
Two dogs playing together in the snow.
A pizza is being eaten by a man
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
A black man is break dancing on the pavement
A small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized.
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
A race horse galloping without a rider.
Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
a context or situation that hinders or impedes
Ask for and get something for free.
provide housing for.
A group of men is playing soccer on the beach
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man.
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
The black dog plays in the snow.
The kangaroo is picking up the woman
the close approach of one object to another
A brown and white dog is resting on the ground with a tennis ball in its mouth
something serving as a cover or protection.
The woman is pouring oil into the pan
A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean
The woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
the act of combining, blending, integrating
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
An animal is running tiredly in circles
be equal to in quality or ability.
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
An onion is being chopped
A pair of kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.	I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
An old person is sitting on a bench
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed.
A man is kayaking in rough waters.
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
The fish are immobile
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
get despite difficulties or obstacles.
A kid wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
Someone is removing the peel of a banana
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
A large brown dog is walking along side a river.
A man in a purple hat isn't climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.
Someone is not playing piano
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
A man is cooking a snake
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field.
A girl with a black bag is on a crowded train
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".
A lady in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
A man is skiing down a hill and jumping a red obstacle
Part, cease, or break association with (something).
A woman is talking on a telephone
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
the act of passing something to another person.
A small man is sitting in a military accessories store
a state of pretending to be someone, something else
A woman is slicing herbs
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry
a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it.
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
A man is stopping in the middle of a road
A dog is lying on a trampoline
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding an object
gain points in a game; add up (numbers)
A man and two women in a darkened room are sitting at a table with candles
A man is mowing a lawn
A tan puppy being petted.
Two dogs running down a beach.
a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is not talking on a cell phone
A woman is putting a baby in a waste bin
make small marks into the surface of.
A woman in a yellow dyed shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
a physical difficulty or obstacle
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
four people are on a boat on green water.
The person with the green shirt is jumping high over the grass
discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state.
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball.
The girl is not carrying a sign and no group of people is following her
a dog jumps into the water.
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball.
The white dog is running in the green grass.
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
There is no man pouring liquid into a pot
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
suit to a special purpose.
A dog is running through the snow
The act of searching for or buying goods or services.
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
A man in a car is pulling up beside a woman that is who along a road
The man is doing a handstand on the wet shore at the edge of the water at the beach
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
A dog is running through tall grass.
A woman is parking a Seadoo
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
A boy is running through the sea at the beach
give a structure to.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
A jet is not flying
Two women dressed in white and black are sitting on a bench
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".
Two people are sitting on a bench
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
the intended meaning of a communication.
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
cause to be firmly attached.
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow.
There is no woman beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing acrobatics on a rail
A soccer player is missing a goal
A woman is putting away a potato
A man in a jersey which is black is standing in a gym
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
remove from a place or from office
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.
There is no dog riding a skateboard
A woman is putting on lipstick
make sense of, give meaning to
change (dramatically) between high and low values
overflow with a certain feeling.
keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
A pencil is being sharpened
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected â€” 62 percent of them female.
A young girl is standing challengingly on one leg
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog.
have a strong desire or urge to do something.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
A close-up view of a horse's head.
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
A man is sharpening a weapon
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
A man is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
A little brown dog is running on the grass.
the quality of being unlike or dissimilar.
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.
study intensively as if preparing for a test
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
The tail of an animal is being chasing by a dog in the grass
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
A football player is running into an official carrying a football
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
give structure to
The piano player is being a tough man
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
A model is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
A man and a woman are driving down the street in a jeep
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
Some men are idling
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ's          transfiguration
There is no man sprinkling cheese on the pizza
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black car
A tan puppy being held and petted.
A child in the snow.
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
the state of being more than full.
A person on a black motorbike is doing tricks with a jacket
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
A child, who looks young, is standing in front of some trees
A laptop computer and a computer monitor.
One little boy with brown hair is jumping off of the brown chair onto the floor
A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling
A person on a bike is in the air near a body of water
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead.
the state of being employed
Four people are silently standing outdoors
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.
There is no person singing and playing the guitar
The man is doing floor exercises
A man is drinking orange juice and walking
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
A golden dog is running through a field of tall grass
the act of validating the authenticity of something
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background.
A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
A white race car is driving through a puddle
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
an informal right to something.
A group of people are in the water.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
There is no woman in a purple top walking a bicycle between two stone columns
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
move or execute very quickly or hastily
The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
A woman is breaking eggs
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
A frog is being handled by the woman
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
A dog is running up a grassy hill
The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
manage, handle, or control something
the act of rejecting something.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
Treat a substance with some agent; add an    agent to.
A group of sheep are on a hill.
People and camels at a beach.
The man is talking on the telephone
protect from heat, cold, or other detrimental conditions
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
A dog standing in the water.
move about in a confused manner.
the flavor quality of something
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
The woman is not cooking something
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
A dad is launching his daughter into a swimming pool
Two dogs and two people are sitting in the woods
to compel or deter by or as if by threats.
A bride with a black veil is looking down
There is no man chopping a log with an axe
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog.
A woman is playing with two young boys at a park
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
A black dog is hanging out in the grass and running with its tongue out
A dog is caught mid air with a ball
drench periodically with liquid while cooking
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
The girl, who is little, is ruffling her hair
Two kids are not sticking out blue and green colored tongues
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
Four people are sitting on a bridge over a body of water
start suddenly, as from fright.
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
the activity of learning or being trained
A group of Asian girls are standing together
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
a group of dogs playing
Two children are leaning on a rusty ledge
Two black, wet dogs running on grass.
A baby is not crawling happily
make visible by means of chemical solutions.
There is no little girl playing a grand piano on stage
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
sound with resonance.
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean.
A man is chopping butter into a small container
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
Funeral direction
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
The woman is poking a potato
The two black dogs are running through the grass.
A man is running away from the soccer ball
a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
The black dog is running through the water.
a decorative container, often for holding flowers
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
There aren't many people in the ice skating park
A small child smiling at the camera.
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
turn from an upright/normal position
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
No race car is on a road in front of a grassy parking area
There is no woman playing with two young boys at a park
The girl is riding the horse
But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
A woman is sewing with a machine
cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.
World news headlines displayed on a large screen.
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
a force that is a branch of the armed forces.
A child cavorts on the road.
bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
A bird soars with wings spread.
The young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
Three boys are carefully walking on rocks along a river
The man is eating potato slices
cover with a primer base
A courageous performer is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle over a man in a blue jumpsuit
A dog with golden fur is in the water
There is no classroom full of students looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.
A woman is firing a rifle
The man with a hard hat is dancing
The black and white dog isn't running and there is no person standing behind
A man on inline skates is skating at a skate park
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
A machine is sharpening a pencil
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
There is no man playing a guitar
A paper plate is being cut by a man
Young boys wading in blue swim caps.
The lady is eating slices of meat
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
There is no man dressed in black and riding a green bike
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
a small thin branch of a tree.
move in circles.
There is no man fixing a silencer to a gun
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
A dog with long hair and a red vest is sitting in the grass
A tan dog which is dirty is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
behave or move in a certain manner
A man in a big city is holding a sign and begging for money
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone trail
A young person in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
A young girl is using sign language
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
A dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow.
Two children are climbing a tree
There are no dogs playing in the snow
There is no girl applying makeup to her face
A dog is pushing a toddler into a puddle of rain
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
duplicate, match
There is no man loading a rifle with bullets
Two dogs are running quickly through a park
put an end to a state or an activity.
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution, she said.
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
Three children in a ball pit.
The football is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
Two dogs standing in snow.
A white, fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs.
A black dog is running along the beach.
the bestowing of a franchise, enfranchisment
Two young girl are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
Two dogs are running on the grass.
Identify, establish location or identity
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
A rhino is grazing in a field
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog.
A man is slicing tomatoes
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
A dog is pulling a toddler out of a rain puddle
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.
the breakup or termination of a social relationship
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
The young girl with a pink shirt isn't peacefully lying on the grass
The players is maneuvering for the ball
the actors in a play.
exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
A man is shooting with a gun
a distinctive style of clothing
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
a special variety of domesticated animals within a species.
a train in a station.
The kid is happily sliding in the snow
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
A man is repairing tiles with his hands
become or cause to become obstructed.
A cat is playing with a watermelon
A soaked dog is playing in the water.
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something.
personnel casualty
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a man
provide a feast or banquet
A person is dropping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
The guitar is being played by a lady
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
A skateboarder is doing tricks on a half pipe
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
collect discarded or refused material.
A dog is running on the grass and chasing a ball
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
reach a destination or goal
a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other.
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
A women standing next to a brown cow.
Two dogs are shaking water off.
A dog with a golden coat is in the water
US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.
Two people are standing in the ocean and looking at the sunset
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
A close up view of a bottle of water.
A man in a batman suit running.
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual.
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
piece (something old) with a new part.
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
flog or whip
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
A dog is looking at a piece of furniture in a shop
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm
Some boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
One brown and black dog is running through the leaves
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard, chasing a ball.
A man is slicing an onion
A dig is trekking through snow.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
A man in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.
make noise like bad engine
A boy is studying a calendar
a vertical array of numbers or other information.
There is no cook slicing some bell peppers
There is no man in a grey t-shirt sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
A shirtless man is playing football on a lawn
(Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.
supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets.
A yellow flower is being clung to by a bee
People are walking outside a building that has many murals on it
A married couple is walking up the aisle
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class.
An exciting or stimulating experience.
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera.
Two white dogs running in grass.
One white dog and one black one are cheerfully running side by side on the grass
Skiiers on a snowy mountain.
A man is sitting in the rain
We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision, Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
be or have a quality of being
make lighter or brighter.
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
cause to skip over a surface.
(cause to) move through a space, circuit or system, usu. returning to the starting point
A tan dog runs through the snow.
A woman is not slicing a cucumber
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something
A man is standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
The brown dog is not playing outdoors
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant
Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
The man is not seasoning the sausages
change toward something smaller or lower.
the rate of increase in size per unit time.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
the first part or section of something.
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water.
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
cut the surface of; wear away the surface of.
A man in a black jersey is standing in a gym
The woman is putting make-up on
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
Two women sitting in lawn chairs.
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
The children are wearing black tights and hopping
A man is standing shirtless in the street
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.
There is no dog with a blue blanket running through the grass
the quality of dedication, fixity of purpose
A group of men play a college football game.
A fish is being cut by a man
An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
A man is pointing at a silver sedan
an approximate definition or example.
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
make less severe or harsh.
A woman is slicing garlic
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
Two white cows in a green pasture.
a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another.
A man is punching a soccer ball
relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
A man is getting a garage for the car
lock with one another
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
unite or merge with something already in existence.
to incline or bend from a vertical position.
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
the act of cracking something.
A woman is dancing and singing with other women
cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
There is no group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms and running down a track
A boy at the bottom of a hill covered in snow is naked and is sitting on his knees
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field
A young man and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
A dog is jumping on a trees in the shades
The man is skillfully playing the guitar
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking
throw with force
Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
A girl is jumping.
Someone is folding a piece of paper
A group of peoples posing in fur hats.
an upward slope or incline
Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
Some sticky goo is being pulled out of a bowl by a woman
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
Two children in a field of red flowers.
open again, open anew
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street.
A girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
The act of testing something.
the general condition of body and mind.
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
A dog swims through the water.
A man is tying the shoe
The guitar is being played by nobody
A man is chopping a log with an axe
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.
Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.
wet with a spurt of liquid.
The girl in a dyed red shirt isn't blowing a bubble
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
A woman is skillfully playing a flute
A multi-colored train on a track.
(construction) a layer of masonry.
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth, field and building.
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
the act of giving a false appearance.
The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
cause to be hanging or suspended.
Two persons are driving down the street in a jeep
A dog leaps over a barrier.
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass.
A dog and a red ball in the air.
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
Three dogs are running in a field.
supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
A woman is walking the dog down the street
A surfer is riding the wave
A man with a hard hat is dancing
A clown is singing and people are dancing
a continuous horizontal layer of brick
make to a size; bring to a suitable size.
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
A large brown dog is jumping over a red hurdle
It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist, the source said.
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
(Cause to) to turn to the left side.
a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown.
a boundary area or edge of something
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.
freshen, to make fresh; refreshen
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
ride (a bicycle or motorcycle)
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the stairs, which are outdoors
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates
(cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value
A man is not playing a guitar
A man is diving off a cliff
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
hunt with hawks.
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
A brown dog is dropping a colored toy from its mouth
A player dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
Four people are walking on a bridge over a body of water
(Cause to) be covered with something.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
A snap is depicting some water falling in droplets on the dog
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
There is no person standing in a vast field of glacial ice
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
A man is climbing a rope
make a schedule; plan the time and place for events.
The doctors are not reviving a man
Three dogs are up to their necks in water.
12th month of the calendar year
a group of surfers catching a wave
A dog sleeping under a table.
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
Children are playing in ground fountains
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
A boy on a red and black slide is wearing a jacket and a hat and has knees which are covered in snow
a region allocated to hold something
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
A person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into the air
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
A toy train is striking a toy car
A boy is blowing bubbles
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
exercise, or have the power of, memory.
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field.
A young boy is riding a bike.
A little girl swimming in a pool.
a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
Two men are fighting
A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp
move by turning over or rotating.
[provide with a new or different resting place
A man is holding a mask in his raised hand
A motorcycle is being ridden by a man
The figures are becoming catastrophic, said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
A girl is playing the piano
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work
take up or begin anew.
(cause to) become even or level
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
the act of perpetrating a crime
Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
a close up head of an ostrich.
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy.
Make pregnant; fertilize and cause to grow.
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
cause to march or go at a marching pace.
make a ticking sound
There is no man playing a keyboard
Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
Give equal rights to, as of the right to vote.
A young man is running away from the fishing line
US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
Three boys in karate costumes aren't fighting
Two race cars are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
the chief executive of a republic.
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.
A man is carelessly dropping a frog
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
A woman is placing food in a pot of cold water
There is no person throwing a cat at the ceiling
the disadvantage that results from losing something.
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
A dog jumps on a lawn.
become or cause to become soft or liquid.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape.
a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
A dog with a ball is being chased in the grass
A man with a shirt is holding a football
A person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed Â£4.1 billion merger.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
be a sign or indication of.
an automobile race run over public roads.
establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts.
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
(cause to) be overcome with sudden fears
The dog is on a leash and is walking in the water
A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field.
A gray dog runs along the green grass.
People are walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
A man is sitting and tables a comfortable discussion
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view
A girl with extended arms goes down a slide.
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a house made of stone
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
the act of beginning something new.
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.
A dog is running on the sand and chasing a ball
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard.
A man is escaping a rising swamp
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
(cause to) return after being refused
a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
end
a judgement or opinion about something
A family is not purchasing something at a vending machine
Change one for another
The woman is picking up the kangaroo
A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
A girl is combing the hair of a little pony's tail
A girl in blue is sliding down a green slide
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
The subject is being studied by a man with a camera
Envelop completely; form a cover over.
GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
Two women sitting outside laughing.
A black and a white dog are joyfully running on the grass
have the financial means to do something or buy something.
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
get rid of.
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is standing on a dirt bike
There is no man standing near the water and holding fishing poles
do over, make new
searching for or buying goods or services.
the state of being unsure of something.
give surety or assume responsibility.
A brown dog walks in the grass with it's tongue hanging out.
a dog napping under a small table.
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.
The person is not slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
The blond girl is dancing behind the sound equipment
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
the act of clipping, cutting
A man is playing baseball.
A brown dog digs in the sand.
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk.
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
A woman is putting meat in a pan
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
per centum
Three small dogs are sniffing at something
A boy swings on a jungle gym.
A girl wearing a brown cap, red sneakers, and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench.
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
The dogs are walking in the desert.
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the floor
There is no guy mowing the lawn
Three men are sitting together near woven walls
equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse.
move in such a way as to avoid
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
The elderly lady is not waiting on the sidewalk
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
There is no cat sliding upside down under a couch
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
bring into general popular/common use
Two dogs are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
watery rot on produce caused by fungus
severance from a social connection or tie
The dog isn't snapping at some droplets of water
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.
have or contain a certain wording or form.
influence or control shrewdly or deviously.
A dog is running in a field.
learn, assimilate a body of knowledge
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a very sunny day
Two women in a clothing store.
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
The person is standing on white ice
two spotted dogs are running through a field
We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable, London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
A lady is standing near three children
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
persuade or achieve acceptance
Three kids are sitting in the leaves
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
The woman is eating
A man is mowing grass
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
A young boy is singing and playing a guitar
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.
A couple is running towards the ocean
A man is riding a dirty horse on a blue road
A little girl is running.
The light brown dog is running up a street
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
A dog with a blue muzzle is running around the yard with a jacket
A person wearing grey pants is airborne on a snowboard
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
The potato is being peeled by a woman
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Two dogs are looking up at a kitchen countertop
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
Someone is dirtying an animal
A boy of young age is playing in the park with his mother
Become widespread as an idea or feeling.
A black dog running with a black and white toy in it's mouth.
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
A man is playing flute
Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
the state of being rejected.
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
The woman is cutting cooked octopus
A man is tying a thick rope
the activity of managing or exerting control over something.
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.
five people standing on a sidewalk
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
A family is posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.
Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee.
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
the center of an object.
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a man is looking
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
There is no kitten drinking milk
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves.
The bunch of men are playing with the mud on a rugby field
The child is splashing water in a pool
two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
Black train on train tracks.
The act of creating written works.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack
the primary component of a communication
the status of being a champion.
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside.
a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program.
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
strike the air in flight.
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. 
Two girls are not playing inside the jumper house
sink to a lower level; descend
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike.
A black dog in the snow is leaping off the ground and catching a stick
a general trait or characteristic of something
A person is sitting on a mountain top
A black and tan dog is running through the low and green grass
A dog with a tan coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
A man skiing down a snow covered mountain.
A man is being roped by a climber
The whole thing is a travesty, fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
A man is opening a small package that contains headphones
transfer from one place or period to another.
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.
The parrot is silent in front of the microphone
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
the act of making up your mind about something.
The woman is eating some cut pieces of raw meat
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground.
The band is singing 
The girl is on a swing.
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.
a bus driving in a street.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.
A man is removing the butter from a piece of bread which is big
A black and white dog running between poles.
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
meshed frame over windows and doors
The guitar is being played by the man
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
Two trains are traveling on the track.
A black dog lays in the sand.
amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
A man is speaking
recover posession or get back again
A woman is peeling food
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
One white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
Two men are swimming in deep water
A woman is putting two eggs into a pot of water
A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool.
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
the activity of protecting someone or something.
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
The dog in the red vest is running in the field
Move about in a confused or purposeless manner.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
A dog jumps through water.
A sheep grazing in a field.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a heavily graphitized wall
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
A handstand is being performed by a man on the beach
A biker is wearing gear which is black
A group of people having a drink.
the action of extending outwards
Someone is cooking okra in a pan
The lady isn't cracking an egg for the mixer
cause to be/show to be invalid
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
The boy is enthusiastically playing in the mud
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
The woman is playing the flute
be the host of or for.
A man in a hat is playing a harp
The red and brown dog is digging its nose inside a holiday gift bag
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
A person is dancing on the ceiling
A man is running on the road
The cats are not playing with each other
the act of decreasing or reducing something.
function in a particular manner when moving
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
A woman is being caged for the dance
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.
The interviewer is granting a break to the man
The cheerleaders are not parading and are not wearing black, pink and white uniforms
study intensively, as before an exam.
A group of children is playing in the house and there is no man standing in the background
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
There is no man rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
A young female is dancing
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
A person is burning some cameras with a blow torch
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
lessen in force or effect.
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War).
A large brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
The small boy is standing in the forest
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
A person is singing and playing a guitar
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent.
A woman is standing at the beach with a dog on a leash
A dog is barking noisily
A woman with a ponytail is climbing down a wall of rock
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
A black dog is jumping on a dock into a pond
oppose with equal weight or force
the act of coming to land after a voyage.
A lemur is eating quickly
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
The woman is not handling a frog
A brown dog walks through snow.
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
put under the control and authority of a federal government.
Two young men are playing outside near a golden statue
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
A surfer on a wave.
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake.
The man is cleaning the drawing on the board
cause to be immersed in
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
A blond girl is riding the waves
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a sunny day
A baby is crying
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
A boy and a girl are playing on the outdoor gym
There is no small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach
The man is not slicing a potato
A surfer is riding a wave.
A man is climbing a rock wall.
cover the front or surface of.
According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers
rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
Children are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
A group of women is playing with a ball on the beach
There is the real potential for a secondary collapse, Gov. James McGreevey said.
make or become less strict or severe
A large green ball is hitting a potato
A group of men is fighting
the act of decreasing something markedly.
A man in a tux on a white horse.
A bird flies across the water.
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
There is no man eating food
A woman in riding a brown horse.
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall
Two people and a dog are in the snow.
The cop is sitting on a police bicycle
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
the ability to recall past occurrences.
The family is posing by a mantel and a Christmas tree
A photographer is being surrounded by men
The man is erasing the other man's work from the panel
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
stick out, jut out, protrude
Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat.
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter toy
The brown horse is near a red barrel at the rodeo
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another brown dog in the pond
A man in green is kicking a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
Rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy,    often with thunder and lightning; blow hard.
A black and brown cat is eyeing a fly
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
exist in a certain manner, mode, or style
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
A boy standing on a beach.
A person is not holding a skunk
Make marks in the surface of.
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
A young oriental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
Two cats are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
have a wish or desire to know something.
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside.
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.
A dirty soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
There is no person riding a bike along a muddy trail
A fully dressed person is behind a pile of rocks and a clear sky is in the background
A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another one
accept an excuse for.
Two girls are playing inside a jumper house
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
Three men are practicing karate outdoors
a stovetop, cooking appliance
fall or descend to a lower place or level.
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
fall between two taxonomic groups
Two people are in bed.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a ball
perform or supervise a ritual
A lion is slowly moving around
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.
group of people defined by a specific profession
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
Generally unwantedâ€”and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent â€”spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
Two dogs are cheerfully playing on the beach
the lower part of anything.
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
A man is putting down the flute
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
the act of throwing a baseball
have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
Two large persons are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a dirty road
act of verbally informing
A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
A brown dog shaking its head.
destroy the peace or tranquility of.
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the court
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
A brown puppy chewing on a stick.
Some instruments are being played by a band
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction
A man is parking a motorbike
Someone is drawing a person
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
The lady is peeling the potato
A man and a woman are eating
Two women are talking
A football player kicks the ball.
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
A person is bowling the ingredients to the man at the mixer
combine so as to form a whole; mix.
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
The man is erasing the drawing on the board
There is no child sitting in a red and yellow toy car
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
create an image or likeness of.
A young girl sliding down a black pole.
There are no football players in red and white jumping and hugging each other
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic.
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
A man with a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
a serving of a beverage
the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth.
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint
an aptitude that may be developed.
subsist on a meager allowance.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
a position given by its location to the side of an object.
The headlights on a blue car.
reduce the price of something
A man in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
IÂ´m very proud of the citizens of this state, Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from TuesdayÂ´s referendum were counted.
behave in a certain manner.
Someone is not stirring chili in a kettle
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.
A blonds girl is surfing
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area behind a tree
censure severely or angrily.
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
have a great affection, liking, or desire for
a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity.
Two young soccer players race to the goal.
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
The children aren't playing in front of a large door
examine minutely; search diligently
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of.
The back of a sign with stickers on.
A dog sniffs a tree stump.
A leap over white snow is greatly appealing to the snowboarders
A dog is not running towards a ball
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A man is drilling a hole with a piece of wood
be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something.
A carrot is being sliced into pieces by a person
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is running very fast
A person who rides bikes, in a black and red uniform, is standing on a dirt bike
Two people in two chairs are talking
Two boys playing a game of flag football.
The people are running at a carnival
A group of children in a church basement is playing guitars and tambourines
A brown dog is running though a river.
be intermediate between two taxonomic groups.
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond.
A dog is playing alone on the shore covered by snow
Amplify an electron current by causing part          of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
a dog runs through the water.
This dog is jumping through the water.
An instance of visual perception.
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
There are no soccer players kicking a soccer ball into the goal
Two men are holding fishing poles
draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to.
Four dogs are playing in a area covered by grass
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
An ice skater is outdoors performing on a rink full of people
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera.
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar
The man is playing with a skull
A ceremony marking admission into a religious community.
The man is throwing knives at a tree
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
A horse is being ridden by a guy
Two small children walking in a field.
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
A small white cat standing in a sink.
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.
Three Asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
A man is putting some food in a container
A dog is running on the ground
A woman is drying eggs
A person is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water
A young boy is diving into a still lake
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
The man is putting away the bread
Cook in cream or using cream.
A light brown dog is running in the water
undergo (as of injuries and illnesses).
Some kittens are hungry
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the seashore
A man is jumping rope outside
A person is driving the white car
The animal with big eyes is voraciously eating
A man is walking outside
A woman is mixing eggs
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
show the form or outline of.
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
The boy is playing the piano
A person playing football is running past an official carrying a football
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
The Hulk took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
provide with a toggle
(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar.
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
A man is playing the drum
a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
A black man is walking next to a shop in a big city
The rider is biking in the rain and wearing a red jacket
An officer is talking to the recruits
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
A child rides a wooden horse.
A dog in the snow.
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
A brown dog and a red dog are sitting sadly on the beach
A man is pouring oil into a skillet
A dog jumps of a surfboard
The green field for horse races is completely full of Jockeys
decorate a manuscript with red
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
A cat is jumping into a box
A man in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil.
A woman who is wearing a pink scarf is riding a bike down a bridge built for pedestrians
A race car driver is sitting down and is motionless
Two children are stretching over some metal bars
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
seize and take captive; take or gain possession of something
Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through, she said.
a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.
A child in light colored clothing is lying with his arms crossed
A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basket ball game.
There are no children playing and waiting
One person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
A woman is planting some flowers
A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
the state of being joined or united or linked.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
The turtle is following the fish
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
someone who cleans soot from chimneys.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
The man is eating a banana by a tree
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag
A boy is knocking a dog with a bottle of water
There is no woman riding a horse
move very fast.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
originate or come into being.
Limit in quantity or quality.
The orange rider is not driving a motorcycle on one wheel
droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.
(cause to) be overlaid with something
Three dogs play by a lake.
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip
A man is walking in the rain
A group of kids is staring at a colorful structure
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
employ or utilize, put into service
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
Some girls in their teens are dancing for the camera
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
The person is slicing the potato
This decision is clearly incorrect, FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
A band of leather or rope made to identify animals.
the motion of one object relative to another.
Two people stand looking at a light scupture at night.
Two boxers are in the ring.
a state of being elevated or raised
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
The singer is playing the guitar in front of a person
(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil.
alter the shape of (something) by stress.
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope.
A man is playing the drums
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
A shirtless woman is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
There is no dog running on the road
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers.
A man is dancing in the rain
stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of.
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
A dog is running on the beach
A man's face is being painted by a woman
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground.
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears.
There is no man tying a shoe
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
There is no woman cutting broccoli
The little cat is playing with a toy
A man is cracking eggs
A cheetah is quickly running behind its prey.
prove capable or fit; meet requirements.
go up or advance.
A black and white dog jumping into the air.
The snowboarder is leaping over white snow
A large flute is being played by a man
decide upon or fix definitely.
an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.
Our fundamental values haven't changed, Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
A child is sitting in a toy car colored in red and yellow
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
A boy is running on the beach
A biker on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
become master of, overcome, dominate
A brown dog running through grass.
A man in a purple shirt is dying another shirt black, which has a man looking at a dog doing a funny face painted on it.
A man and a woman are walking together through wooded areas
A girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
go away or leave.
There is no blonde lady looking at a tower
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
A skateboarder on a city street.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.
A woman is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
A man is inside the house and is throwing blades at a close target
A man is standing in front of a wall
The pursuit and killing or capture of animals.
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man's right arm during a street parade.
Two black dogs and one white dog interact.
The small child is not wading through the water and is not being guided by another person
A child going down an inflatable slide.
A man with a white moustache is standing on a balcony and is looking at the road below
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it.
Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.
A boy is jumping off the side of a water fountain made of stone in front of a building
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor
act of becoming distant, moving away from
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
The large brown dog is running through shallow water.
The football players are working on stretching their legs.
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots.
leave out, omit, prevent from entering
The small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
A black girl with no bikini is wearing a hat at the beach
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow.
The man is carelessly smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.
a natural physical force of drawing towards something
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.
A person is doing a trick with some cards
Two girls in their teens are wearing fancy dresses at an event
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
the act of reasoning, cogitation
A woman is bowling two eggs to a break dancer 
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
A door is being opened by a man
A yellow dog is stopping on white snow on a sunny day
A girl is playing a wind instrument
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
state of being unified
A racer in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
a dog stands in the white snow.
One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
A motorcyclist with a red helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
A young lady in a bikini is standing on the beach
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.
A brown dog is running in a field.
A black dog on a leash is walking in the water
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
The man is swimming in a body of water near a waterfall
The man is cutting cooked octopus
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
A woman is not boiling shrimps
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
A man is sitting on the lawn and drinking from a water bottle
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
The kids ride a boat in the water.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.
Two children go sledding.
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
Two men wearing bike helmets.
Two kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
cause to move back and forth.
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background.
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
Three children playing on the floor.
I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups, Bloomberg said.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him.
the act of swallowing liquid
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
utter words loudly and forcefully.
One woman is peeling a potato
let or cause to fall in drops.
Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
A baby is playing with a toy
Someone is putting away a keyboard
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
the event that occurred at the beginning of something.
A black shirt is being worn by a man who is sitting at the table and laughing
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
the ground level of a multi-storied building
A dog swimming in a pond
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
A child is not playing slip and slide in the grass
like better; value more highly.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
A woman does a handstand on the beach.
The woman is peeling a potato
A black and white dog is carrying a big stick on the green grass
talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions.
A dog that has a brown and white coat is sitting in shallow water
A woman is cutting tofu
Two children are not playing in the surf
cover with wooden boards; secure
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..
the act of flipping an object into the air
draw up an outline or sketch for something.
an electrical connection between conductor and earth
A dog runs through sand.
Nobody is playing ping pong
move as a crowd or in a group.
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
destruction of a ship
A man is cutting a potato
the act of grasping into one's arms
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
A woman is slicing a vegetable
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
One man is feeding a mouse to the snake
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
One woman is practicing with a flute
A tan skinned kid is looking at the camera
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.
Two teams are enthusiastically playing soccer
The elderly lady is waiting on the sidewalk
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
A black bike rider in a red bike uniform is standing in the dirt
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land.
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
There is no man dancing
The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
A yellow kayak is being ridden by a man and a young boy
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue.
A little boy with a bib is watching the camera
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
Three bottles are on a table.
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
The person is flying through the air on the bicycle
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
A man is eating
a sovereign regime and its assemblage
energy in the form of molecular motion
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
One man is turning on the microwave
establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
A brown and white dog is running around a pole.
hit or return before it touches the ground
the act of describing something.
There is no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some cans of soda
The man is slicing potatoes
A group of men play rugby.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
Someone is playing with a toad
The girl in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the jersey
the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
The woman is dicing onions
Supply food ready to eat, as for parties          and banquets.
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
A dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
A man is emptying a container made of plastic
Two men are playing table tennis
a man and woman walking past a record shop
A guy is leaping into the air in a wooded area
He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
take possession of by legal authority (for security).
a concern or affair
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
A small child is showing excitement on a set of swings at the park
an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
A black dog with a red collar runs through grass.
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
raise in rank, character, or status.
Some pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
A wet boy is jumping around on dirty and wet grass
A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
They were tossed around like feathers, Gordon said.
carry a burden, real or metaphorical
A man is not playing the guitar
A grey house with a red door.
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
A woman plays with a brown dog.
A young girl in swimming suite is jumping on the beach
There is no puppy rolling
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
The large brown dog is not running outside in the dirt
A passenger train sits in the station.
A girl poses with her head upside down.
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
A man is performing a handstand on the beach
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease.
the action of placing or situating an object
Two poodles are running through the snow.
A woman is storing broccoli
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
There is no little girl with blond hair smiling and sitting on a swing
The man is going into the water
A child, who has blond hair, is holding a yellow bottle
a long, thin implement, usually made of wood
a work area for manufacturing or repair work
The young girl in blue is having fun on a swing
A woman riding a brown horse.
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
The man is slicing vegetables
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
The man is riding a horse by a creek
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
Children jumping on a trampoline.
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool
start suddenly, as if from fright
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug.
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.
There is no man doing back flips on a trampoline
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.
A horse is leaping a hurdle and has a rider on its back
Birds fly low over water.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
have sexual intercourse with.
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
A man and a small girl floating on an innertube.
People are playing cricket
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track.
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.
check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
a participant who is a beginner in some activity
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court.
A television with a show on.
to put down by force or authority.
The woman and the man are travelling by automobile
A girl is applying makeup to her face
Dalmation running along the beach.
compel, enforce, or insist on something
A dog is leaping through the grass.
A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish 
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
There is no tiger cub making a sound
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
A dog is near the red ball in the air
A grey silky dog is running in the grass and a brown dog looks on
to cause to separate and go in different directions.
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
A man is spreading dough
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
take vows, as in religious order.
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy.
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop.
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
A person is eating a cut onion
a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something.
a white dog running in the snow
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
Three women are sitting together near woven walls
to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
Several sheep grazing in the field.
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
Two girls arm wrestling, while another looks on.
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall.
The act of providing approval and support.
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
something that serves to indicate or suggest.
Two boys on a couch are playing video games
People are crossing a rope bridge over a rocky stream
cause to come to the ground.
A person on a bike is jumping through the air and the sun is flaring through the bike frame
Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.
the day immediately before today.
 cause or permit to fall to the ground
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
Black and brown dog runs through field.
A boy on a hill covered in snow is wearing a red jacket and a black hat and is sliding on his knees
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
A dog is looking at a store counter
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion.
move, transfer or carry something or someone
thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing.
change directions as if revolving on a pivot.
There is no man slicing a potato
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally, Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
Two teams are competing in a baseball game
act of moving or conveying something
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
Two white puppies are playing near water
Three brown dogs are in the water.
the state or fact of being an owner.
Noodles are being boiled in water by a woman
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged.
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people
An interview is being granted by the man
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
The white dog has a ball in its mouth.
take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A snow slide is full of kids
There is no man squatting in brush and taking a photograph
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
make something, usually for a specific function.
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
a portion removed from the whole.
The man is pacing around a room
A woman in a black jersey is standing in a gym
Boy lying on couch with small white dog.
The person in the blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
the forceful hit of a ball
A man is slicing a red tomato
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water.
a sculpture representing a human or animal.
the face or front of a building.
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string
An old woman is shaking hands with a man
The child is playing with toys outdoors
The man is climbing up a rope
A bird flies above the water.
a man sits on a rock.
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
A man is eating a pizza
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.
a sharp side of an object
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable.
A woman is cracking eggs
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
A dog is running alongside a fence on a dirt track
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
use resources or materials
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee.
move along on wheels
Living room or den with large screen television.
Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.
A tiger is walking around aimlessly
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
A shirtless woman is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
the state of being retained
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
There is no man writing a note near a bike
A woman is cutting an onion
The man is lowering barbells
the state of being employed or having a job.
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a wall made of bricks and playing an instrument
the act of motivating; providing incentive.
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
The person is in the snowy mountains.
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally.
A sudden (emotional) outburst.
a set of pieces of creative work for showing
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
A woman is walking off a stage
Two cars are racing down the track
A man is shooting with a weapon
A bird eating from a bird feeder.
Two twin preteen boys are dueling with sticks
The woman is slicing an onion with a knife
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A brown dog running
secondary public school, grades 9-12
define; determine essential qualities of
make or become more acute or intense
The content of a bowl is being mixed by a man
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
Fine powdery material; the remains of something destroyed or broken up.
Two dogs are fighting
A person is standing near a motorcycle
Kids are not dressed in costumes and playing a game
A man is talking to a woman
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
An airplane is being stationed on the ground
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
a device to control the rate of some activity, e.g., chemical or mechanical
remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot
A large white crane is flying far above the water
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
A group of people is on a beach
cover or swamp with water.
narrate or give a detailed account of.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal
declare or make unfit or unsuitable
Three kids are jumping in the leaves
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
Two dogs play in shallow water.
A skateboarder uses a ramp.
The black dog is not walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
glean or gather natural products
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee.
There is no dog rolling from side to side
A waterfall is flowing calmly into a shallow pool
A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk
A woman with a ponytail is climbing a wall of rock
A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.
A brown dog runs near the water.
a body of students who are taught together.
And I really liked him, and I still do.
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
Three men are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
People at a drag race are looking at the flames that are coming out of the cars
small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done.
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme
A woman is petting a dog near a stone path
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
There is no man driving a car
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
(Chemistry) Undergo sequestration by          forming a stable compound with an ion.
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
A man practices boxing
indicate a decision in regard to.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.
No onion is being cut by a man
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch.
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
A small boy is scolding a dog
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.
remove from a position or office.
stamp or emboss with a block
A police officer directs traffic on a city street.
a state of extreme anger.
(cause to) move back and forth or side to side
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl
There is no person setting fire to the cameras
Two boys in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
Two dogs groom each other.
A small white dog is jumping up in the snow
a dog runs across the path.
A kid is playing the guitar
A black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
A small cat is lying on a bed
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead.
A baby reaching into a water fountain.
A man is falling off a horse on a track and is laid in the wild
A dog in a car.
A young girl, in an orange dress, holding a tennis racket.
The drums are being played by a man
a store or supply of something
provide, raise, or supply funds to
hurl as if with a sling.
The woman is not slicing an onion
A person near an onion has a cut
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
make an incision or separation
If you pass this bill, Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
Give an incentive for action, provoke or    stir up, urge on, or cause to act.
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
Two boys on a couch are playing games on the TV
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
secrete or form water, as tears or saliva.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
Two girls are lying on the ground
make accessible to some action, influence, or condition
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
fertilize and cause to grow.
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
An Asian woman in a crowd is not carrying a black bag
A horse is being ridden by a girl
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army
provide with a new seat.
A man is doing exercise
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches.
a pair of people who live together.
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter.
The man is cooking sauce for the meat
The surfer is in the wave.
A woman, who is old, is far from a white dog
an exclusive group of people.
A small boy in waterwings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide.
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
A man is playing a trumpet
A boy is looking at a calendar
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event.
A man is exercising
The man is getting off a motorcycle onto ground which is mostly barren
A girl, who is little, with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
A yellow dog is running up a sandy path
An official task or undertaking, usually funded
There is no little girl peddling a scooter
to argue or plead in favor of
An electronic storage device.
Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
A boy is playing on a toy phone
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street
a person under the guardianship or custody of another
A dog in a colored coat is running swiftly across the yard
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
observe, perceive
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
The little boy is riding a bicycle in a race
reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating.
Someone is cutting a tomato
People in costumes are sitting in the street
Someone is typing
A little boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
two dogs are running across a grassy path.
There is no surfer leaning on a surfboard
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.
A black dog is attacking a brown dog on the sand
Two large dogs running in some grass.
The boys are standing in front of the burning car
The dog is catching a ball
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
There is no rope being climbed by a man
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
remove water from.
A seabird is flying over some rocks
approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.
Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result
any cause or source of great suffering
Someone is playing a piano
beat severely with a whip or rod.
(cause to) survive
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
changing one thing for another
Two dogs in a stream.
The crowd is not watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
Three boys are jumping off a platform
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.
operating or traveling via a vehicle
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue
become broader or wider or more extensive.
(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.
Someone is adding ingredients to a pot
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
A person in a red shirt is standing, with arms raised, at the top of a mountain.
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
Two boys are running around a field.
A deer is jumping over a fence.
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass
A man is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat and is walking past a park with a lot of blooming trees
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.
Child sliding in the snow.
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
A child and parent pet a horse.
Protect or strengthen with sandbags.
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars.
A man is removing the peel of an onion
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
make a request or demand for something to somebody.
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
behave in a condescending manner
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.
There is no man wearing a shirt dyed black, sitting at the table and laughing
A tiger cub is roaring
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
A biker is naked
A man is driving a motorbike
Assign a new time for an event
The woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
Boys are dancing in front of some people
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
contribute to the progress or growth of.
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
A man is riding a bicycle
something considered trite but amusing
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding drinks
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
Two children are lying in the snow and are drawing angels
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
The people are walking on the road beside a waterfall, which is beautiful
how something is done or how it happens.
Three friends are making faces for a photo
A black and a yellow dog
Look furtively at something.
the act of providing assistance, giving aid
Brown dog splashing into the water.
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet.
A group of people are marching
A woman is looking curiously at a man
the act of hearing attentively.
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cell phone
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
A girl is skipping rope in a park
(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
The cow is grazing in a field.
A guinea pig is devouring a carrot
the act of admitting someone to enter.
a way of conceiving something.
There is no woman putting on makeup
the particular portion of space occupied by something.
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags.
spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
create code, write a computer program.
A horse is being ridden by a man
A black dog jumps in the snow.
A man is packing the guitar
Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue mat
Someone is typing on a keyboard
A girl is not playing the guitar
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, said Silver.
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing
Boat sails in rough water.
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
Runners are not taking part in the race
There is no man massaging a woman
Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.
A small child is showing excitement on a swing set at the park
Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling,          answering, or performing.
The men are playing with a ball
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
Three no votes would kill it for now.
medium of exchange minted by a government
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is lowering her arm
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball.
Three men are jumping off a wall
A girl is wearing white clothes and is dancing
The lady is dancing
Two young kids are eating corndogs
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
put up with something or someone (unpleasant)
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
A flute is being played by the man
transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates.
A small white dog running across a lawn.
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop
the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing.
Five wooden stands are in front of each child's hut
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
A black rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.
The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop
Three people are standing by a bench under some palm trees
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.
A couple standing on the curb
to collect, acquire or gather
come back after being refused.
A few men in a competition are running outside
A dog that has a brown and white coat is trotting through shallow water
an impetuous rush toward someone or something.
The kitten is playing with a toy
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle
Two green and white trains on tracks.
Two girls are sitting on the ground
the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant.
The baby is not laughing and crawling
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
position in football played by a team member
A man is cutting a lemon
A large white bird swoops over water.
raise to a higher energy level.
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
A woman is being handed volleyballs by another woman
Guitar is being played by two men
The soccer player is not kicking the ball between somebody's legs
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
A white dogs treads the water with sticks in its mouth.
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
Wellsâ€™ other series include NBCâ€™s ER and Third Watch.
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
(cause to) fall in drops
carry, as on one's back.
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee.
Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on the sand
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
The dog is playing with a plastic container
A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
set or ask for a certain price.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth.
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume.
Two boys are doing martial arts on a green mat
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
raise from a lower to a higher position.
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement
A boy is attentively looking at a calendar
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.
a separate and self-contained entity.
Three young girls are dancing in the room
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
The child is looking at Santa Claus.
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
Appoint, ordain to a clerical post
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
Five adults are sitting on a chair
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
A few animals are playing in the water
A young boy is using sign language
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water.
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a funny face
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
A man is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
laying claim, the act of taking possession of, or power over, something.
urge with or as if with a goad.
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
The little girl is riding a bicycle in a race
A boy is hanging a rod for fishing and running in front of a fish
a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
attract; cause to be enamored.
A white dog running through the snow
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
the finger next to the thumb, forefinger
Dog is jumping down a ramp.
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl
A person is boiling noodles
the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible.
the speech act of making something evident.
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on it's hind legs.
Four people are performing music outdoors
Red double decker bus driving down street.
Two men are playing table football
Two dogs in a yard.
anything illusory, not concrete or real
Different teams are playing football on a field
Two twin preteen kids are dueling with sticks
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
A dog is standing in the sand.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
a mold for setting concrete.
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl.
A yellow dog is running down a sandy path
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
A girl wading through water in a lake.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
Dirt bikers are riding on a trail
We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said.
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children.
The part of the body between the neck and upper arm, or any of its subparts.
A big dog and a small dog with a white coat are playing together
There is no man riding a mechanical bull
There is no snowboarder jumping off the snow
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
determine the essential quality of.
Left side of a silver train engine.
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods.
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway
clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned
remove from a contest or race.
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp.
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
The man is standing in a lake near a waterfall
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A white and black dog runs on the grass.
show consideration for; take into account.
request urgently and forcefully.
The man isn't intensely playing the guitar
make fit for a specific purpose
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
the act of climbing something.
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
The recruits are barking at the military officer
A surfer is leaning on a surfboard
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
give up what is not strictly needed.
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
An Asian woman in a crowd is carrying a black bag
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking at each other across a street
heat a metal prior to working it.
use up (resources or materials).
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious.
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.
someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.
A bearded man is sitting by a shopping cart and is dropping a cardboard sign
The adults and children are being grouped near an outdoor seating arrangement
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
Look through a book or some other written    material (for information).
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
A gray bird is flying over the water.
open again or anew.
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.
The men in brown shorts are walking on the rocks beside a river
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
There is no man peeling an onion
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
The woman is putting away a flute
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle.
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.
The men are not talking
cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole.
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods.
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.
Some meat is being stitched together by a woman
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.
the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed.
A man jumps off a rock into the water
Nobody is feeding an animal
A man is eating a fruit
There is no woman dancing
any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard.
A girl is hitting a little tee with a baseball
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
A man is playing a flute
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
A small white car parked at the gas station.
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
The men are climbing a mountain
the successful action of solving a problem.
Three people racing on ice skates.
A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
a process of development, increase or advancement
There is no woman penciling on eyeshadow
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
cause to appear in a new form.
Two dogs running through sand.
Touch with the lips.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.
an allotment or percentage of something
The brown dog is not sniffing the back of a small black dog
the act of moving, turning something
Motorbikes are being ridden by two people
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party
A man is jumping into a full pool
One boy is happily playing a piano
Two women walking down the street
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
A person is slicing an onion
The cat is licking milk from a saucer
relative darkness of a color
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
the opening page of a web site.
Four people are walking on a bridge over a river
A biker is jumping in the air, alone
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
The man in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
A man in a black hat is reaching for a box
come as a logical consequence, be inferred
A man is holding up an electronic device
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall
A man on a bike is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
provide veterinary care for.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.
A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
Engrave by means of dots.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
A woman is chopping onions
a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
A red dog is jumping and catching a tennis ball in its mouth
be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.
put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.
an approximate attribute or quality of something
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl's face.
a man doing a trick on skateboard
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth funnily
A baby is cheering another baby
make more complex or intricate
The woman is slicing herbs
a black and white cow in hay.
Two dolphins jumping into the water.
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
A man is not wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
feel hot or painful.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road
A person is not stirring vegetables in a pot
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
A flat screen TV on the floor.
The drums are being played by the man
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion
A dog is having fun with a toy
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
write as if with print; not cursive.
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing, said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
A young boy is jumping off a chair
measure the depth of a body of water
be equivalent, have the same effect as something
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
There is no person playing a piano
bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously.
A chef is preparing a meal
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods.
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
vary or move from a fixed point or course.
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
A person is performing a card trick
A cute panda is lying down
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying tennis ball
Medicines
the quality of being of practical use.
the act of informing by verbal report.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
Two dogs playing in snow.
There is no man running down the road
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some boulders with water in the background
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
A brown and white cat is playing on the grass
The girl likes red and isn't wearing beads for teenagers
MediaMax performs EXACTLY as advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
A boy is saying a word
the official currency issued by a government or national bank.
Four people are difficultly walking with difficulty across thick snow and the sun is setting
a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate).
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
The girl is applying makeup to her face
a change for the better.
a major branch of a tree
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area.
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
A young boy is playing a wind instrument
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids.
(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.
There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera.
South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.
the act of sucking.
A child is amazedly experiencing a new world
A man and a woman are walking down the street of a city
Two brownish dogs are fighting.
Some cats are playing with each other
Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background.
make a map of; show or establish the features of details of.
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity
A boy is shredding a calendar
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence.
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits
Red double decker bus on side of street.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
Some football players in red and white are jumping and hugging
two dogs running in the snow
a usually brief attempt.
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
A man is eating some food
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
move to and fro.
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
A white Jeep parked on a street.
A young boy is playing a guitar
A dog with really long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
The black llama is curiously looking at the white dogs
A man is rock climbing, stopping and calculating the route
the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw.
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water.
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen.
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a street
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
pass into a specified state or condition.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a target which is close
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
make undue claims to having.
the consequence or aftermath of something
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building.
The woman is playing with two young boys at a park
The dog in the red vest is not running in the field
make more complex, intricate, or richer.
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.
The woman is skating in the park.
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding a bike on a busy street
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
A man is dangerously extracting knives from a tree
The brown dog and the black dog are in the grass
become wrinkled or crumpled or creased.
become distinct and acquire a different character.
break from a meeting or gathering.
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
get or find back; recover the use of.
leave isolated with little hope of rescue
(attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate
Two large black dogs run through the snow.
formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure.
A guy is not riding a horse
A brown dog is running through green grass.
A soccer player is scoring a goal
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
A black dog is sitting in the grass and keeping its mouth closed
lengthen or extend in duration or space.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
A woman is picking a can
Two toddlers are eating on a really small wagon full of corndogs 
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
A woman on a motorcycle is going around a corner
covering for a bed
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
A boy is standing in the cold water
A white dog is running across a rocky landscape
A grey dog is bouncing a tennis ball on its head in a grass field
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
be fully aware or cognizant of.
The issue has been resolved, Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf isn't riding a bike
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme).
Two people are carrying gray baskets and blankets and walking near a building
A little girl in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
The young boy is not running through the ocean waves
Four boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water
cause to become awake or conscious.
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
A man is squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
A man is sitting on the grass and drinking from a water bottle
The bearded man is sitting on a train
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity
The woman is poking holes in the potato
A fearful little boy is on a climbing wall
administer or bestow, as in small portions.
Two dogs are running through a green yard
A snowboarder is jumping off the snow
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
A wind instrument is being played by a girl
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt
Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
Two girls next to a mossy tree.
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags.
Some children are jumping off a trampoline
burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with a webcam
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car.
The presentation is being watched by a classroom of students
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.
an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
put or store in a bottle
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
A few ferrets are climbing out of the cage
someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments.
the act of forming or establishing something.
A biker is riding away from a fence
A cat sleeps on purple sheet.
to ignite or catch on fire
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative â€” but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape.
Woolly sheep at auction house.
A cat is swinging on a fan
A person is holding up an electronic device
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
A brown and white cat is jumping on the sidewalk
The boy and the girl are not playing and wearing arm floats
Three cows grazing in a field.
to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player.
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
consider again, usually with a view to changing
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string.
move very slightly.
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism
A man is shooting at target practice
There is no man playing a bamboo flute
A group of men playing brass instruments.
A dog runs through the snow.
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is empty
the set of elements common to two or more sets.
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea.
behave in a patronizing and condescending manner.
(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.
A horse is not racing
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
A woman is chopping garlic
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit
A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field
A dog is eating a doll
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a soccer ball
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
Fewer than 10 FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
A dog leaps over a fence.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
enter a realm, become involved with
the act of giving temporary assistance.
A man is being stopped on a rope bridge
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
A boat in the water.
The brown dog is playing in the snow.
A frog is being held carelessly by a man
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head on a lawn
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.
A woman is playing a flute
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
A black dog is running in the grass.
Two dogs play together on the bed.
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
Room with several computer monitors.
The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass.
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
a surrogate expression, utterance for a taboo word
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
Someone is being boiled with okra in a pot
The cyclist is performing a trick in the air
A dog, which has a brown and white coat, is holding a baseball in its mouth
A child is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
insert or close with a plug
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
a small, indefinite portion of something
A group of horses grazing in a field.
A group of people in a living room.
Two women standing outside of a bus.
A dog zips along the beach.
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
Carrots are being grated by a woman
increase in amount, extent, or intensity
A woman is cracking some eggs outside a bowl
The man is denying an interview
flow, as of liquids
A cow is eating hay
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is pitifully begging for money
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation.
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black.
Two white dogs are running together.
The woman is not putting makeup on the man
A group of dogs run through the snowy field.
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park.
An electronic man is held as a device
A person is peeling a banana
A topless girl is covered in paint
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
A man in a purple colored suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
become aware of through the senses
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
A brown dog and a grey dog are fighting in the snow
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket.
Two people are walking with laden baskets and colorful blankets
The piece of paper is not being cut
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
A man is putting away a carrot
an event that causes someone to die.
Two people are walking through some water.
the force by which one object attracts another.
The panda is eating bamboo
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
the space where a division or parting occurs.
endure or experience a painful event
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
cover with or as if with a cloak.
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
The man and woman are walking
 have sex with
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
A man is reloading a shotgun
A man on a motorcycle is riding on one wheel
two cold people stand near a pole.
One girl in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other girl in black shorts is jumping off into the water
Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
The brown horse is very near a red barrel at the rodeo
The man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing.
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
A pianist is playing the keyboard
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
Some women are holding each other in a circle and dancing
Remove by erasing or crossing out, as if by    drawing a line through.
give an interpretation or rendition of.
the act of dragging (pulling with force).
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
The adults and children are not gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
angle with a hook and line and draw through          water
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it.
Kids are riding horses in a ring.
connect or arrange into a chain by linking.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy shore
support by placing on or against something solid
What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough, Covello said.
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar
A man is packing a violin
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
A man performs a skateboard trick.
Two brown dogs running together on sand
A man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible, Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
The milk is being drunk by a cat
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
A woman with a white horse.
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law, he said.
The military officer is shouting at the recruits
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
an evaluation, an estimation of worth, a grade
The dancer is dancing in front of the sound equipment
Several women are taking off pink bunny ears and are pointing to the left
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
The woman is not dancing
The black and white dog is running in a green yard
The girl is trotting on the horse
A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
A woman is putting cosmetics on her eyelid
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in it's mouth.
The little boy is not singing and playing the guitar
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
A black faced sheep.
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.
A child is indoors watching a program about some young climbers on a rock wall.
I think it should have been released years ago, said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
an onerous or difficult concern.
Two children playing in the snow.
A snowboarder goes down a ramp.
(The discovery or exhibition of) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something.
Three children playing in snow.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
A very retro living room with a television in it.
furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics.
The woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors.
A man is playing a bamboo flute
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
Black and brown table in living room setting.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
A man and a woman are idling in a city street
A woman is playing the keyboard and a man is dancing
Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
A dog runs through the deep snow.
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it.
The girl is spraying the plants with water
Two dogs run on the beach.
A young child slides down an orange slide.
A group of people sitting around a desk.
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
Some ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
A deer jumps a fence.
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
A cute panda is not lying down
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
the act of escaping, fleeing
A boy is cutting grass with scissors
An old train sits idle on the tracks.
A train traveling down the tracks.
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
leave or give by will after one's death.
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
recite as a chant, intone
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.
The men are fist fighting in a ring
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
Three dogs are in the snow.
The oriental lady is not cutting a carrot into thin pieces
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
The brown dog and the red dog are frolicking on the beach
There is no baby talking
A woman wearing a pink Tinker Bell jacket leans against a railing.
A soccer ball is not rolling into a goal net
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
A girl is communicating with sign language
guide, draw through
People sitting on a couch laugh.
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture.
Two people are sitting on a white bench
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A white dog runs into a lake.
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
A white car and a yellow car are racing down the track
the tallied points of a game, at a given time
A man is rinsing a large piece of meat
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
A person is brushing a cat
a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
Lead someone in the wrong direction  (physically); give wrong spatial directions.
A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water.
Hay is being eaten by a cow
Excuse some minor social infraction; accept    an excuse for something.
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
Two dogs are playing in a pool.
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
An animal is biting a person's finger
A man is coming down a rope
to act as the host of
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
A couple is not looking at a map
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.
A red bird is perched in a tree.
A man is taking a picture of a drawing
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard.
The man is intensely playing the guitar
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
The girl in blue is chasing the player with a number on the jersey
Someone is stirring chili in a pot
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
A dog is jumping in the snow.
There is no man mixing vegetables in a pot
A woman is carefully deboning a fish
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball.
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
A black and white dog is running through the field.
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
A man is kicking a soccer ball
Two persons are shaking hands
A topless woman is being smeared with a brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
A man is slicing bread
Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts.
scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
Dogs are racing on a track
A man practicing boxing
Two blond girls are playing together.
A man is sitting near a bike and is writing a note
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
express or utter with a hiss.
Some teenage girls are standing still in front of the camera
A boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near a stack of blocks on table
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
move forward by leaps and bounds.
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
The men are talking
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
A policeman is sitting tiredly on a motorcycle
Doctors have speculated that the bodyâ€™s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
break up a solid, usually into a solution
A small child slides down a purple slide.
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
Two people are kissing near a crowd
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow.
A woman is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
Two children are on a fairground ride.
cause to be interested
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
A man is thinking
A double decker bus on a city street.
A dog is running on the beach and chasing a ball
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
a well-known or notable person.
the act of annoying someone or something
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."
Rugby players are tackling each other
There is no young child splashing in the water
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
engrave by means of dots and flicks.
The girl is erasing the other man's work from the board
A man is pouring a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce
lack of agreement or harmony.
Two women posing with a baby.
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.
Children play fight with swords.
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the hand
A young boy is running a race.
Two small dogs run through the grass.
A group of people is near the ocean
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
store (liquids or gases) in bottles.
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a hot day
An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture
A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge.
Four people are walking across thick snow and the sun is setting
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp
The man is not putting chicken into the container
A man who is wearing headphones is opening a package 
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
A quantity of something
A cowgirl is riding a horse and corners a barrel
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
move (as if) by lowering
Two dogs are jumping through snowy grass and rocks
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
bind somebody or become bound emotionally
the primary information-processing component of a computer, of a microprocessor chip
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool.
A man is making a bed
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
Gather or remove (from a location) for use.
a person who plants bombs.
cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
Four black dogs run across the grass.
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water.
The person is boiling noodles
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
A guitar is being played by a baby
Two dogs are running through the park
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators, Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
The man in not playing the flute
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
A cat looking at the camera.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
A deer is jumping over a cyclone fence
Two girls are happily playing inside a jumper house
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
an established line of travel or access.
The man is not playing a guitar
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A tiger cub is making a sound
start abruptly.
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
There are no dogs fighting for a frisbee in a lake
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
Two football players are scrambling for the ball on the court
A man is preparing some dish
A woman is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
A person is not frying meat in a pan
A great dog is wildly climbing a steep hill
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
make shine
A man is riding a motorbike
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
A dog running through snow.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
A dog racing on a track.
There is no girl riding a horse
A small tree is being eaten by a baby elephant
come into conflict, meet in opposition
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
A boy is eating a cupcake
Someone is beating an egg
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart          for a specific purpose or use.
A girl is awakening
A man is standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
The boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law.
a type of military aircraft
There is no man holding a sign and seeking money
A yellow dog is not drinking water from the faucet
skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways.
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
the management of someone or something.
The group of people is sitting on a rocky ledge and a scenic view is behind them
cause to be alert and energetic.
a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
an agent that operates some apparatus or machine.
The onion is being cut by the man
be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.
The little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
A child is slowly waking up
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building
organize anew, as after a setback.
a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations.
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
Three children are running down a grassy hillside
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
I'm very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk).
opening shot in billiards or pool
income collected as tax by a government
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Complain; talk in a tearful manner.
a flock of sheep or goats
(cause to) separate or move in different directions
A young boy is jumping out of the water
A man is rinsing a large steak
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
A man is standing beside a birdcage which is large and colorful
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
an intuitive understanding of something.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board
the skateboarder jumps into the air.
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
pass time in a particular place or way
the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool.
Some children are jumping on a trampoline
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
The little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street
People are sitting near a wall
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal.
A bicycle in a dining room.
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
Two dogs play with one another on the grass.
Two men with bikes are on the side of a snowy road
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
Two football players bang into each other during a football game.
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
Nobody is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
The study subject is a camera man
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
A group of people is equipped with unprotective gear
the act of hitting vigorously.
Two boys are studying
Two dogs running through a field.
A dog is barking
A dog and cat laying down together.
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera.
manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure.
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.
A lemur is hanging on a rope
become engaged or intermeshed with one another.
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.
It looks very much like an isolated event, World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
take away a vital or essential part of.
The dog is running in the grass.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
A soda is being opened and drunk by a woman
the foremost part of something
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied
A black dog running through the snow.
The woman is waterskiing fearlessly
A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.
A white cat laying on an office chair.
Two people in a race are flipping the tires of a tractor
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
A man is dancing on the ceiling
A black dog running on a beach.
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England.
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.
a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage).
The woman is not cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
The act of talking about the features of something.
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.
The Dalmation is running through the woods.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
A feeling for something that is desired intensely.
A man picking up a big rock.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
Two dogs are playing on the beach
Rollerbladers are running in formation down a hill
This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage, said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
change from one form or medium into another.
A close-up of a horse.
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
A small monkey is walking in the river
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
cause to be interested or curious.
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
a cause or source of duress, worry
A group of men are playing ball together.
A woman is singing into a microphone
There is no woman squeezing juice out of a lemon
release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.
A man is sitting comfortably at a table
furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape.
The young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, arenâ€™t indigenous to Wisconsin.
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
The young girl in blue is jumping in the air
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace
A boy is running through the sand
shoot down, of birds.
The man is seasoning the meat
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
A cat is playing keyboards
Four people wait outside in a line for ticket.
lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions.
The man is cutting the tape on the box
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar.
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
There is no boy playing a piano
A kid is speeding down a steep slide
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife
A boat's sail is being reflected by the peaceful water
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements.
Three dogs running in the dirt.
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over the grass
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil
(cause to) gradually become weak
make out of components (often in an improvising manner).
Some young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
A woman is cutting an octopus
A keyboard is being played by a man
And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	I was in the water for about eight seconds.
Two brown dogs play in the water.
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.
The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates.
A classroom is empty
A dog, which is small, is playing on the green grass
A man is carefully climbing a rope
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Nobody is in front of the colorful building
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
Racers are running down a track
assembled group of spectators at a performance
A dog is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
Two dogs, the white one standing on a Frisbee, playing together on grass.
earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something.
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
The surfer is riding a big wave
People on motorbikes in a city street.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves.
the root or base form of a word
Some students in uniforms are listening attentively at the front of the class
A dog is biting a can
organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical).
The men in brown shorts are not walking on the rocks beside a river
The lady isn't breaking raw eggs into a bowl
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese â€” roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
appoint to clerical posts
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
create a mess or disorder
A group of kids is playing on a colorful structure
A happy baby is laughing
At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
A man is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
There is no man spitting
There is no man breaking wooden boards with his hand
something copied or derived from an original.
the act of ending something.
A kitten is drinking fresh milk
give or convey physically.
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves.
We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place, declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
Three women in brightly colored dresses.
A man in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
There is no man sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
A man is riding a motorcycle through the town
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back
A little dog is sprinting and the person who owns it is trying to catch it
A little boy is playing a guitar
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to.
A golden retriever is running
open to members of all races and ethnic groups
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
A player of soccer is scoring a goal
Two people wearing helmets are driving over the yellow and white flowers
A woman is being massaged by a man
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
the act of providing incentive to someone
Three dogs playing in the green water.
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion.
the state of owing something (especially money).
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
jolt of electrical current to the body
A dog is catching a black frisbee
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow.
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object.
A woman, who is shoeless, is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
Black train idle on the tracks.
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
A guinea pig is eating a carrot
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
a specialized division of a large organization.
The man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
A dog is rolling on the ground
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass.
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a t-shirt, which is white
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass.
incite some act of insubordination
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
The woman is walking the dog
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.
The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
a boxing or wrestling match.
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism.
Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
create code or computer programs
The brown dogs are not playfully fighting on the sandy beach
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so, chief executive Marce Fuller said.
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
move into and stay in a particular position
Two people are seated on a camel and another camel is in the foreground
make pure or free from sin or guilt.
A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
A brown and white dog is catching a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
The play is about a happy boy playing the piano
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
speed up the process of
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
A man is reading an email
A lemur is eating
A dog has its head outside a red and green gift bag
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
have certain properties when driven.
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
A man is rowing a boat
give a neat appearance to, neaten
The snowboarder is leaping fearlessly over white snow
give pleasure to or be pleasing to.
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle.
A crowd, which is large, in warm clothing is posing for a camera
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation.
A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
A boy is comfortably sitting in a room and playing a piano by a lamp
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
the state of taking in or encircling.
A woman is cutting meat
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
provide a seat or base for
A white dog bounding through snow
A man and a woman are walking down a city street
We've become like total strangers, Klein quotes him as saying.
the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A man is speaking on a podium
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth.
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A blond child is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
These are dark days for our industry, the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by a person
A child is talking
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
a brown dog standing in the middle of ahuge field.
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
White dog outside with two people in background.
A dog is in an area full of sand, with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
an explanation or alibi for something
I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
stretch out completely.
protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up.
the act of providing a subsidy.
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.
There is no rhino grazing on the grass
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
The woman is cooking eggs
There is no man playing a harp
Two people are playing ping pong
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.
A crowd of people is near the water
consider again; give new consideration to; usually with a view to changing.
A person is not playing a keyboard
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
Talk or behave amorously; have sex with.
A woman is not cutting meat
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting.
A man is playing guitar
Behave violently, as if in a state of great    anger; break or tear violently.
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
The crowd is watching two cars designed for racing that are leaving the starting line
issue an order.
A woman is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter.
an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth.
A person is dancing
remove substances from a liquid or solution
A dog in a colored coat is running across the yard
an operation that groups items according to specific criteria
A cruise ship docked at shore.
a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true.
a soft pad placed under a saddle.
A young child blows on an orange wand to make a bubble.
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass, holding a ball in its mouth.
A woman is cracking some eggs into a bowl
A black helmet is being worn by a man who is pushing a bicycle
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.
The man is up in the air.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is stopping
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
The snowboarder is jumping off a snowy hill
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
A person is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
Someone is holding a hedgehog
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
The man is riding a horse
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella.
make by combining materials and parts.
feel hot or painful, as if burning
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock.
express or transform in a new form or language
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
The action of opposing some other social or military force.
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
A cramped black train is on the bag of a girl
There is no woman cutting an onion
money in the form of bills or coins.
Small boat going down a creek.
A man is playing the guitar
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow.
The person is not writing with a pencil
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
A boy in a band is playing the flute
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike along a roadway
Man rowing a boat.
reveal its presence or make an appearance.
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
The black and white dog is running through the bushes.
The man is abruptly knocked off of a horse
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the right
A boy is effortlessly climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
orient, be positioned
perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily.
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling
a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
The bicyclist is speeding on a city street
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
a company that provides public service commodities
A cyclist is performing a jump on a bicycle
A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn
A boy and a dog running on grass
The silver train is parked in a station.
a social gesture of deferential greeting
There is no woman pouring ingredients into a bowl
A group of kids is playing on a structure which is colorful
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
assign a new time and place for an event.
There is no lady holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
A girl in white is dancing
abstain from eating or from certain foods
The doctors are reviving a man
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
A girl is speeding down a steep slide
communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs.
cause to be perplexed or confounded.
come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
A red two story bus driving along the street.
A brown dog laying on a blue sheet.
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
A black and white dog is carrying a small stick on the green grass
A white dog with a collar is running.
a dog plays in the snow.
utter with force; utter vehemently.
a brown and white dog swimming in water
Some water is being casually drunk by a cat
have a strong desire to do something
Sign language is being used by a young girl
A person is folding a piece of paper
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are outside
An animal is barking at a ball
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.
Two dogs are being petted by a man
Football players are on the field.
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
travel in front of, be first, precede
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
the tactile (touch) quality something has
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
the identification or the realization of something
a section of a composition, textual or musical
Cars driving near a model building.
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
A man is planting a tree
Four people are standing in thick snow and the sun is rising
cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier, James said.
A little dog is sprinting and its owner is trying to catch it
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
sway to and fro.
The snowboarder is jumping off the snow
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
The man is putting away the guitar in the guitar case
The sun is not shining on the face of the girl who is in a yellow dress
use up the whole supply of.
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
the act of damaging something or someone.
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
The young boy in the blue shirt is not jumping into the water
the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
Kids playing ball in the park.
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.
The herd of caribous is not crossing a road
A man is holding a big animal in one hand
gather, as of natural products.
A subway train pulling into the station.
A man running on a track.
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge.
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
A cow is eating grass
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer.
rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.
Nobody is playing the guitar and singing
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
A little black dog is running on the snow.
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
A dog is sitting by a fence on a dirt track
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
There is no white dog standing on the leaves on the ground
A large black and white cow in a field.
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a woman with grey hair
The tan dog is not watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore.
A man is phoning
There is no woman putting a child in a waste bin
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.
Impress or affect deeply (emotionally).
the act of exploding or bursting.
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
forked form or shape
making real or concrete
A woman runs on the beach.
The turtle isn't following the fish
Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
enclose in or as if in a frame.
These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages, the statement continued.
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up.
A girl is eating a cupcake
(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance.
(cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage
the quality of being useful for something
A person is writing
A man is skiing down a snowy mountain
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
Three men are not staring at the big green hills in the distance
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
No people are riding camels at the beach
A man is falling off a mechanical bull
A bird is fiercely flapping its wings on the water
A man is leading the race
There is no monkey wading through a marsh
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
anything with the form of a thin strip
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.
People walk along on the street.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a pyramid
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
A football player is wearing black armbands
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
There is no young child wearing a white coat and playing a game
A man jumping his dirt bike.
A woman is serving volleyballs over a net
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.
Two white puppies are playing near a pool
make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity.
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
Three dogs playing on grass.
One herd of deer is crossing the street
a side or surface of something
Two dogs running in the dirt
have or be covered with bristles
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a mask
Two people are walking with laden baskets and blankets
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
Enclose in a protective covering.
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.
move or establish in a new location.
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
the event of something ending.
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe.
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
A large black dog runs along the green grass.
Nobody is treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street.
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.
A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
the fashionable elite.
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall, snowy mountain.
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
A train is on the railroad tracks.
A white puppy is biting a pole
This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically, said board member Steven Wallace.
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
A tiger is not walking around
A light brown dog is running in the water.
A dog is chasing a ball through dirt
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
A person is cutting an onion into pieces
make clear and (more) comprehensible.
the pulsation of the heart
A man and a boy are standing at the bottom of some stairs, which are outdoors
The fur of a cat is being combed by a person
A white bird is landing swiftly in the water
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
tie or fasten into a knot.
four people sitting at a table.
The black dog runs through the water.
There are no men fighting
aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness
A red and white bus drives down an England street.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
An onion is being sliced by a man
A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth.
There is no dog walking along a snowdrift
There is no girl wearing a t-shirt and keeping her mouth open
the act of taking an offer
Man and child skiing.
A dog running across the sand
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
give something useful or necessary to.
A man in blue is riding a animal on a dirt road
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
A black dog runs through the water.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
A man is recklessly riding a horse
A group of children in a church basement is playing maracas and tambourines
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
A puppy running along a street.
A girl dances on a sidewalk.
make a sharp sound.
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window
A man in a suit is being surrounded by photographers
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
A few people are dancing
Two people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
There is no surfer riding the wave
A man is firing a shotgun
A girl with a bikini is playing in the dunes
Three people are walking across a rope and steel bridge over a river
Make less emotionally hostile; win over          mentally or emotionally.
give equal rights to; of women and minorities.
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump.
A side view of a horse's head.
a part of a forked or branching shape.
A boy running through surf on a beach.
A group of people in a large Asian restaurant is eating
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
A yellow dog in the snow.
throw quickly, flick
An elephant is being ridden by a woman
A man is wearing a hat which is hard and is dancing
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
There is no woman playing an electric guitar
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud, prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
Skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways          as a manner of motion.
A small dog jumping over hurdles.
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.
the height of the sea's surface
A little girl is playing the piano
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
a man and a woman posing for a picture
make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
A man in a batman costume is running a race.
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
Frank Quattrone is innocent, Keker said in a statement.
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
A shirtless man is playing football on a field
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."
A girl in a costume participates in a parade.
the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.
There is no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and smiling
the act of applying force to propel something.
Two older men in front of a bus.
Put on cream, as on one's face or body.
That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand.
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.
A person is making a bed
A dog with a blue blanket is running through the grass
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
The man is funnily playing the piano with his nose
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, looks surprised
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
A man in a hat is walking through a store
The man is silent and still
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites).
The piano is being played by a man
a stronghold.
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
A yellow dog is running down a path covered by sand
A white dog in a jump,holding a plate in his mouth.
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking, surrounded by wilderness.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
A man is putting away a guitar
A bird with it's wings spread
A man is playing a guitar on stage
confine in or as if in a prison
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.
People are grouping at a stand at the fair
positively-charged center part of an atom
A group of children wearing the same clothes is waiting at a gate and one is kissing the mother
A man is disassembling the drum
There is no dog running through a field and chasing a ball
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
A man is idling on the floor
the verbal act of offering.
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
A boy, who is little, is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
There is no brown dog jumping in the air
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
any large deep body of water.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
a competitor thought likely to win.
the act of putting a preparation on something.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
The woman is dicing a carrot
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
produce buds, branches, or germinate.
A person in mid air on a yellow motorcycle.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
three black dogs swimming in dirty water
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
There is no man pointing at a car
destroy a ship.
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.
A dog is playing with a toy
cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
(cause to) move gently back and forth
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
A man is jumping off a low wall
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
Someone is cleansing an animal
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table.
Two children and an adult are standing next to a tree limb
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
A monkey is wading through a marsh
The ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow jersey and is defending the goal
The animal with big eyes is eating
do better in a competition; win
a unit of military aircraft.
A man is strumming the guitar
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean.
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
A woman is peeling a potato
A brown dog and a black dog are far from the grass
A dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in a field
A light brown dog is running up a street
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.
A little boy is proudly wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
There is no man playing a violin
A woman is wakeboarding on a lake
Two women dressed in white and black are relaxing on a bench
A man is passionately playing the guitar
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday.
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
furnish with spars.
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops.
a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill.
The presentation is being attended by a classroom of students
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.
But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
One panda is eating a bamboo cane
A plane in the sky.
A woman in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree
A woman is frying fish
It was a brazen attempt at intimidation, said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
recover, return to former state
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre
The guitar is being played by a kid
A person is riding the bicycle on one wheel
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition
A dog in the yard is running across colored coats
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
There is no man playing a game on the grass
the territory occupied by a nation.
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
touch, lift, or hold with the hands.
The black and white dog is running outdoors
Okra is being cooked in a pan
The player in purple, white and black is not playing near the end of the field
A woman is buttering a piece of bread
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
stretch out or over completely
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new.
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
relative darkness or lightness of a color.
a cause or source of harm
discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience
A young black child is waiting on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
There is no football player in a purple jersey running with the ball for a touchdown
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society.
A child playing on a playground play set.
Wrinkled, crumpled, or creased.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorbike in a field which is mostly barren
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
acknowledge a contribution or cause
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.
a dog runs across the grass.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.
support a person for a position.
A man and a woman are standing together and holding hands
pass by, over, or under without making contact.
A dog leaps over a log in the woods.
Fly in or on a glider plane
A dog is chasing another and is holding a piece of wood in its mouth
Two young children are eating corndogs
the act of selecting or picking something
facility for secure storage of things, often money
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
Two people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink
A tan dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
A man is praying
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
The young girl with a pink shirt is peacefully lying on the grass
A woman is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
A boy is wearing sunglasses
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
A man is picking up a tree
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.
A person is slicing a piece of bread
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
A group of people is walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
A man is playing an electric guitar
A man is jumping rope in a field
A lemur is hanging on a cord
be fond of.
A dog is biting a doll
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
Chopped vegetables are being dropped into a pot on the stove by a person
A small girl is getting out of a toy car
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
Two men are standing near the water and are holding tools used for fishing
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
the military action of resisting the enemy's advance.
A plane is taking off
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand.
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
The woman is not poking holes in the potato
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply
The man is speaking on the telephone
A woman is riding her bicycle.
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
A black climber is rocking a dog
There is no man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition.
reason by deduction; establish by deduction.
A woman with pigtails is climbing a rock wall
remove a constituent from a liquid.
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions
A boy is holding a squirt gun
Additionally, the h2210â€™s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause
Women are sawing logs
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
A white car is being driven by the man
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair.
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
The bride and the groom are arriving after the wedding
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination.
Two balls are bouncing against some colorful kids
A woman and three men are posing motionlessly for a photo
A golden dog is running through the snow.
Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves
an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation
An indicator that orients one generally.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
lowest employee salary permitted by law
Three little children are sitting in the grass.
The skateboarder is jumping in the air
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
The man is stirring oil
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
the speech act of objecting.
There is no biker jumping in the air
the reduction of something's value or worth.
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
There is no man playing the guitar
A white dog is running across a grassy field.
The man is seasoning the sausages
Two men are fighting in a pasture for cows
An old man sitting down watching something.
Germinate, as in a plant.
Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.
Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
A group of people is equipped with protective gear
show devotion to (a deity).
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
There is no tan dog jumping up and catching a tennis ball
The guitar is being sold by a lady
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
The young kids are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
People are walking
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
cite as an authority; resort to.
Lie at an angle; bend along a path.
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan
the length of time of a temporary cessation
A dog is standing on concrete and is holding a blue ball
A dog is running through the white snow
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
A dog is fetching a piece of wood out of very clear water
move in an irregular course
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock.
A shirtless man is jumping over a log
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature
break the skin (of a body part) by scraping.
soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture.
It's a huge black eye, Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
A woman is pouring eggs into a pan
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement
Two pandas are not lying together
I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower, Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
Brown dog running on the beach.
go after with the intent to catch.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing extravagant apparel
A person without shirt is jumping high over the green grass
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues).
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
the act of hiring something or someone.
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
Two boys show off their stained, blue tongues.
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
A shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
Several people are walking in line across a bridge
Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool.
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
the property of copious abundance.
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
the value of a currency's conversion to another currency
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, they announced at a press conference yesterday.
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.
The kid is still in the snow
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
A chubby faced boy is wearing sunglasses
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
remove the pod, husk or shell
a disagreement or argument about something important.
cause to regain consciousness.
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface
final stage of an event or activity
exercise or have power of memory
A man is not playing keyboards
any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.
feel the need to eat.
There is no man thinking
A girl is brushing her hair
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
One man is climbing a wall made of rock and another man is holding a rope
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
A white train pulling into a station.
restate (words) from one language into another language.
aerodynamic force that opposed gravity
A tattoo is being drawn by the woman in the white sweater on the hand of a teenager
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field.
A man is taking the oil out off a skillet
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
Create a coating for something.
A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
A cruise liner docked at a port.
Two dogs play by a tree.
A person is doing a trick on a skateboard
A girls is jumping in the sand.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
Our outcomes are very encouraging, George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
No motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
Travel (as if) through water.
stop functioning or cohering as a unit.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
A white dog is running through the snow.
Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
The ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
There is no woman putting meat in a pan
the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
The birds are swimming in the water.
A woman reads while on public transportation.
identify or pick out someone or something
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water.
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake.
A woman, who is seated, is singing a song and playing the guitar
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
to combat or oppose someone or something
A woman in a short skirt and boots.
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
A person is riding a dirt bike up a dirt hill
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard.
There is no man eating cereal
A girl is wearing a pink shirt with white writing on it and is lying in the grass
The black and white dog is jumping for the ball
a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving.
Two girls are laughing breathlessly and other girls are watching them
surround completely.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
the finger next to the thumb.
There is no dog racing on a track
Two puppies play in the grass
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
A black person in white is joyfully running with the dog on the grass
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow
Look through a book or some other written material (for information).
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
An onion is being sliced
get involved or mixed-up with.
strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher).
Some cheese is being put on a pizza by a man
A brown dog and a red dog are frolicking on the beach
trace the form or outline of
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
The rhino is grazing on the grass
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
(cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound
A train is at a train station.
take something or someone away from somewhere
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
A man is walking in a yard
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.
reduce to a simpler molecular compound
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
A woman is slicing potatoes
A lady is putting on makeup
recognize, be familar or well-versed with
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall.
(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
A young child is watering a plant with splashes
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
The lady is taking an egg out of a bowl
Two daschunds are playing with a red ball
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.
A girl is doing a manicure
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
There is no person buttering a tray
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
A man with a jersey is dunking the ball at a basketball game
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
Some people are playing cricket
The mountain gear is steadily placed in front of the standing biker
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream.
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage, Hubbard said.
A woman is firing a weapon
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is riding a bike
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby.
There is no boy looking at a calendar
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame.
A man by a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hair net
Some cheerleaders are relaxing
a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
A dog is biting a black frisbee
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
A baby is sitting
A black and orange bird is standing on the lawn
A man is spanking a boy with a plastic sword
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
The man in a hat suited for cowboys is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
the act of planning or deliberating
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves
Snow boarder on a pink board flying through the air.
fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug.
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
A black and white dog playing in the sand.
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
A woman is boiling shrimps
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
A woman is beating the man that is keeping two eggs in the bowl, using a wire whisk 
join or attach with or as if with glue.
A dog is pulling a monkey's tail
Two children jump on a trampoline.
The man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
A man is rising from a swamp
A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
the money
Two white dogs are swimming in the water.
enjoy, be fond of or approve
induce into action by using one's charm.
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
cover with a protective sheathing.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a blue ball
emphasize; draw attention to; underline
A golden dog is running on the grass.
A man is talking
come or bring back to life, health, existence or use
read or conform to the metrical pattern of
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing aimlessly in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
play on a string instrument with a bow.
A brown dog is running through the grass panting.
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
A child is waking up
change the inherent purpose or function of something.
The woman is drawing a man
It is raining on a walking man
A cat is playing a piano
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half.
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a fence made of metal
A person is lying on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
The black and white dog is running and a person stands behind it
The man is painting
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.
Mimes are performing on a small stage
A young man is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill
A dog is catching a ball in mid air
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass.
Act without permission or with too much confidence.
A group of people standing in the street
(Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.
There is no man putting some cheese on a pizza
write all the required information
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
Be in command of; exercise authority or  control over.
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs.
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
A woman is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
express protest or dissent, raise an objection
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher â€” a three-term congressman from Lexington â€” had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and is looking for a pencil
A brown dog is running on grass.
A baby elephant is not eating a small tree
cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space.
A girl in a band is playing an instrument
fluctuate, move back and forth
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.
There is no adult in the amphitheater talking to a boy
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
Someone on a perch is looking at a small wooden cat that is on a white cabinet outside the window 
A young child with black hair is deleting a picture from the camera
People are walking outside the building that has several murals on it
a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom.
A man is tying a shoe
matter that has been deposited by some natural process.
A woman is arranging her hair
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
A small dog is chasing a large brown cow
A white and brown dog rolls on it's back in the sand.
Two dogs play with purple football.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
a casual or unexpected convergence.
The person is playing with a skull
The friends are making faces for the camera
The state of being suspected.
a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
A dog chases another by a tree.
A little dog is running on the sand
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cell phone.
A man is massaging a woman
A group of people are dancing
A child in a red outfit is dangerously jumping on a trampoline
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.
Red double decker bus.
Leave to someone after one's death.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
The dog is not catching a blue ball
The motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
A crane, which is large and white, is flying near the water
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object
the act of directing attention, resources to something
There is no person slicing an onion
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
The man isn't smearing butter on bread 
say mean things.
support on the back and shoulders.
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain.
The man is riding a mechanical bull
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
The boy is studying a calendar
A colored toy is being carried by a brown dog in the grass
an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
A man is not cutting a potato
the act or means of getting rid of something.
teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment.
Two young women walk along a dirt road.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
the state of being in working order
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
the act of starting something.
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
A person in biking gear is standing steadily in front of some mountains 
A rabbit is playing with a stuffed bunny
a boy swinging on a swing.
A dog is rolling from side to side
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
Spin, wind, braid, or twist together,    perhaps as when performing lacework.
cost or monetary value of goods or services
have a strong sexual attraction to
The lady is dicing onions
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning.
A dog shakes his head.
A young girl is jumping into a still lake
(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping out of a blue kiddies pool
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
Two men are walking through the water
There is no dog running up a grassy hill
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are quickly moving through snowy terrain
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
set forth as an introduction or preface
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot.
the act of surrendering or losing something of value
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The monkey is not brushing a bull dog
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
A boy is running through the grass
Two children are rolling in muddy water
A white dog runs on a beach.
A man is carelessly holding a frog
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
Three boys leaping in to a swimming pool.
A woman is sleeping
alternative names for the body of a human being.
Someone is singing about a man who plays the guitar
A young girl running on the beach.
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line.
A man is eating a carrot sliced by a machine
Grass is being mowed by a man
A man is talking to the woman who is seated beside him and is driving a car
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
There is no woman slicing tofu
A brown dog is running through a snowy trail
the act of putting something to use.
Two men on boat floating on the water.
fly in or as if in a glider plane.
A man is jumping into an empty pool
fruit cooked down with sugar, jam
A man is standing on a roof
Young boys enjoying a spray of water.
Swimmers are racing in a lake
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
Two men are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
initiation, founding, introduction of something
Two people are riding a bike
the place within which an authority has power
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park.
A child is experiencing a new world
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
A woman is playing with a brown cat on a garden path
The man in the purple hat isn't operating a camera that makes videos
A piano isn't being played by a man
Three women are running in a village
Someone is cutting some paper with scissors
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover
the act of apportioning or distributing something.
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
interfere with someone else's activity
the natural progression or development of something
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
two young girls hug each other in the grass.
A baby is sitting in the grass.
point or direct object, weapon, or blow at something or someone
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
A black dog walking beside a pool.
There is no person riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
A white horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat
A woman is taking a can
remove shells or husks from.
cause to move faster.
the act of competing as for profit or a prize.
have unlawful sex with a whore.
The back of a small black dog is being sniffed by the brown dog
place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on the street
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving recklessly on dirt and people watch
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop
social ranking or position
A baby is toddling happily
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
Eggs are being boiled by a woman
A woman is cutting a lemon
There is no woman slicing meat with a knife
occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion.
A young girl is looking at a woman in costume
A man is making music with a flute
the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing.
the fashionable elite of a given community
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
A small boy is sitting in the forest
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
A person is stupidly throwing a cat at the ceiling
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
A person is crouching and holding a camera
Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
mean or intend to express or convey.
elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
lack of agreement, not harmonious
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle
take someone's soul into heaven
Two young men are sitting outside near a golden statue
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is raising her arm.
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.
The cats are playing with each other
The meat is being dropped into a pan
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is walking beside her bike at night
ride a motorcycle.
A dog leaping over a chain.
A woman is squeezing a lemon
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
Two young women are sparring in a kickboxing fight
A little boy is in a tire
The man is not dancing
Children are playing in a fountain that is spraying water from the ground
A band is not playing some instruments
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
The man is chopping the trunk of a tree with an axe
A man with a camera is studying the subject
get the meaning of something.
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
move an implement through.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
A blond girl waves while she is riding
A man is holding an animal, which is small, in one hand
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
A man and child in front of a billboard
There is no man diving off a cliff
A small white dog is running in a lawn
A man in a white hat is playing guitar on stage
It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states.3.600	In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.2.800	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.3.000	The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.4.600	Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
The lady is slicing a tomato
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
A boy is sitting on the ground
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a road
the act of clipping or snipping.
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
a restraint that checks the motion of something.
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
A dog is jumping high into the air in the country
Some men are resting
a name given to a product or service.
A female cheerleader is jumping on the knee of a male cheerleader
request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
hit before it touches the ground.
(mathematics) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
a specified portion of a whole
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
the enclosing frame around a door or window opening.
A person is pouring oil for cooking into a pot
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in midspeech
An animated airplane is landing
A man is singing
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
A woman is slicing a carrot
a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling
Adults and children standing and playing in front of steps near a wooded area
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach.
A woman is playing the flute
cause to vibrate in a different pattern
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
a military fortification, stronghold
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning
A man is buttering a piece of bread
Draw advantages from; take advantage.
continue a certain state, condition, or activity.
Two birds flying near bird feeders.
A woman is cutting a vegetable
a committee appointed to judge a competition.
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
There is no woman driving a car and talking to the man seated beside her
Nobody is fighting in a cow pasture
A man is mindlessly slicing the carrot with a machine
A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
The man isn't operating a stenograph
A man on a motorcycle is turning around a corner
A group of children is not playing tambourines
the activity of leading.
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
a casual, brief meeting with someone
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
There is no dog leaping in the air
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass.
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping onto the ground
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing.
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
A woman is not frying some food
A brown dog is staring attentively at a brown and white dog
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
A woman is taking eggs out of a bowl
A woman is rocking over a blanket lying on someone reading a book
The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
a change which is a decrease
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.
the quality of being important and worthy of note.
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
Two people are talking
A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
part; cease or break association with.
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
There is no dog running with a volleyball
Three dogs walking in the grass.
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
The men are playing soccer
The girl is carrying a sign and is being followed by a group of people
Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.
A parrot is speaking
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
become hard or harder.
An Asian man is dancing and three kids are looking
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms
A boy is mowing the lawn
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock.
A man is participating in a bmx race
A child is holding a squirt gun
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
Large white cruise ship floating on water.
The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken
Two twin preteen boys are playing with cards
do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
Two men talking in front of a plane.
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
put in a horizontal position.
The person is doing a handstand on the beach.
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.
Two dogs are walking slowly through a park
Large green boat floating on water.l.
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean.
A monkey is pulling a dog's tail
Animals are playing in fountains that spray water from the ground
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth.
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
move through with or as if with a rake.
A woman is not chopping garlic
Two dogs are in a grassy area.
A fearful little boy is on the ground
The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.
A feeling or state of extreme anger.
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.
the state of inactivity following an interruption.
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
A dog in in a car.
There is no woman cutting onions
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church.
refrain from harming.
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end.
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
The person is not standing on white ice
There is no man in a red uniform making a jump in a dirt bike race
the soft padding under a saddle
maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.
highly infectious viral disease
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
A woman is playing a guitar which is electric
A man stands in front of a train.
A tennis player with a green headband is missing the ball
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
The man is kick boxing with a trainer
lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
There is no man playing a guitar on stage
A person is not making a bed
adhering to moral principles.
Five kids are standing close together and none of the kids has a gun
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room.
A black train moves down the tracks.
A man is athletically jumping a wall
a negative or undesirable aspect of something
an agent or company that insures something
A young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
The woman is playing an electric guitar
A man is not participating in a bmx race
A man is jumping into a pool
Two people are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
A person is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
A boy is playing on a toy
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
Old blue and white train on tracks.
stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen.
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
Two young children are walking across an open field.
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
An officer is listening to the recruits
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms.
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the water
The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
Fake or falsify; control in a fraudulent manner.
The potato is being peeled by the lady
A man is skateboarding on a half pipe
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the left
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp.
Five black dogs run in a field.
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
make something more diverse and varied.
A man on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
lower the pitch of (musical notes).
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
A person with a green shirt is jumping onto the grass
The black and white dog is running indoors
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
A dog is being teased by a monkey at the zoo
a border or boundary of an object
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
A child swinging on a playground play set.
I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees, U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
something that is craved
a cue given to someone for assistance
Tofu isn't being sliced by a woman
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen
The black player is making the white player a play near the end of a purple field
The woman is not slicing an onion with a knife
A person is combing the fur of a cat
We've become like total strangers, John told a pal two days before his death.
preserve, keep in safety, use frugally
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.
A baby is playing with a doll
A boy wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
A white horse is standing
A woman is playing a guitar
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
A shirtless person is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
the alleviation of distress
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
A baby is laughing
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
an event that accomplishes its intended purpose.
an acknowledgment of appreciation.
write a computer program.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
A young boy is jumping into a still lake
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope
A baby is licking a dog
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.
the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.
move faster, or cause to move faster
Cars racing on a dirt track
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are running through snowy terrain
A woman is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation, it said in a statement.
Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
A dog is walking away from a baby
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
One small child is drinking water from the cup
A boy is talking to a leaf
Remove tree stumps from an area.
A bike rider on a ramp.
take up someone's soul into heaven.
A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside a building in the snow
A girl riding a tan horse.
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are not watching
The dog is knocking a boy into the water
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
The bicyclist is riding on a city street
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
compel to behave in a certain way.
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
give someone credit for something.
There is no motorcyclist on a bike leaning into a sharp corner
People are clustered around a bonfire at night
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms which are black, pink and white
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
Two people wearing helmets are riding over the yellow and white flowers
get rid of as if by submerging.
A women with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse.
One man in a big city is holding up a sign and begging for money
There is no person slicing a potato
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
A boy is practicing the keyboard
A dog plays in the snow.
walk as if unable to control one's movements.
make a channel for; provide with a channel.
This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
Runners are racing down a track
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the seashore
the selection of a lottery winner
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
There is no girl playing the piano
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
A woman resting her face on her hand.
Give suck to; receive suck.
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat.
The two boys play in the field.
form a carpet-like cover (over).
The white dogs are looking curiously at the black llama
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
A woman is boiling eggs
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
I'm still not red-hot favourite, Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
There is no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
a brief statement.
exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement
Sail boat sailing on the water.
A dirty dogs runs through the woods.
A monkey is riding a bike
Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch.
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.
Eyeshadow is being put on by a woman
the act of  damaging something, causing breakage
the act of swallowing.
The kid is sliding in the snow
A boy is rock climbing.
A bride in a white dress is running
an expanse of land
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
There is no man fishing in the river
A large brown cat is jumping over a red hurdle
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
A blonde in green is sitting by a swinging boy
A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
There is no lady peeling the potato
FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
a man in a grey t shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.
A person is chopping a red onion
Two men are getting off of an orange raft on the shore
Gray cat looking out the window.
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a rain puddle
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
produce a click.
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide.
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
the state of being suspected.
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
Two dogs are running through the beach
actors in a play
Two young children are on sand.
There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here, Gehman said.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
room where work is done.
a channel of social communication
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force.
A group of people is near the sea
enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it.
A dalmation is running along the beach.
A woman is not frying fish
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
A man is eating near the kittens
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.
the state of having one's weight supported
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
A man and a woman are hiking through a wooded area
A woman is cutting some flowers
A woman is cutting broccoli
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.
A man is playing a large flute
The bunch of men are not playing rugby on a muddy field
A tattooed man is on a sofa and is holding a pencil
Remove by rubbing
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
The person is slicing onions
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
A man in a red shirt is watching a football game.
The boy is playing a guitar
do something considered below one's diginty
remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing.
People are obviously inconvenienced, said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
A little dog is slowing down and the owner is quitting chasing it
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
A man with a helmet painted red is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
We're being hyper-vigilant, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue coat
a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school.
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
The appropriate or desirable thing.
A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
the legal state of owing money
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
There is no large dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
The kitten is not playing with a toy
A woman is snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
A group of mothers in uniforms is standing near the children and one is kissing the gate
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints
A man in a black hat is touching a cardboard box
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
The man dressed in chaps made of leather and a purple shirt is standing in front of some onlookers
cross on foot.
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
The camera man is nailing a hammer to the wall
run around the rim of.
A white man is staging a hat and a playing guitar
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
A man is not dancing
A hurdle is being leapt by a horse that has a rider on its back
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water
A close-up of a brown horse.
The player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
social or economic downfall of someone or a group
a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible.
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in a strange position
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land.
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
The windows are being polished by a man
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain.
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
Admit to testing/proof
A woman is playing the trumpet
Two children hug one another.
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
A brown horse in a green field.
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
a dog runs through the long grass.
The person is dicing up a pepper which is orange
the processing or operation of something
The group of people is sitting in a dim room
cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed.
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.
(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks).
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
A man is playing soccer
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
There is no woman using an eye pencil and applying eye liner to her eyelid
The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
be or come into conflict
A man dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
The man is thinking
The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people is following her
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
There is no man and child kayaking through gentle waters
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles.
A woman is riding a Seadoo
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
carry as a backpack, go backpacking
bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
Two teammates are lifting a football player in a red and white uniform
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
Dough is being spread by a man
Two men are fighting in a pen for cattle
A white dog on a leash is walking in the water
obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
The man is catching a fish
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a day full of sun
The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
a quantity of money added to a bank account
Two white dogs are running together
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
continue to live through hardship or adversity.
regulate or set the time of (a clock)
move with a thrashing motion.
A cat is jumping into a container
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement.
A snowboarder flies through the air.
The man is playing a guitar
A person is wearing a red jacket and carefully holding a beer
have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of.
Two dogs running on the beach.
The loud man is not allowed to play the guitar
A brown and white dog is running through the tall grass
The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
the act of changing one thing or position for another.
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.
A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
The car is being driven by a man
One man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
giving a reference or citation of something
the act of turning, rotating an object
Two cows standing in a large field.
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
A person is dicing an onion
a collection of something, often a large amount
organize (the production of something) into an industry.
The act of having and controlling property.
move or sway in a sinuous fashion
Some people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
A woman on a boulder is lying on a blanket and reading a book
A boy plays baseball.
have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.
A man is making a call on a cell phone
prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose
Three men are jumping off a tall wall
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road
Two dogs are battling for a frisbee in a lake
There is no cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
the act of looking or seeing or observing.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.
A child is wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled near a child in a green and black coat
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
act of distributing
a surfer rides up the wave.
the act of passing from one state or place to the next.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
A black dog runs through a muddy bank.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important.
the apparent condition or state of something
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
A dog is bouncing on a trampoline
Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard.
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a white t-shirt
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
The children are playing in front of a large door
A blond child is holding a yellow bottle
There is no cat playing with a watermelon
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job, she said.
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
A bald person is playing a guitar
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
One man is sitting on the chair
A hose is being held by a boy next to a man and another boy is watching
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate.
There is no man wiping the edge of a bowl
A man and a woman are smiling.
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
Kids are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
The violin is being played by a little girl on a beach
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
Four young men are exploding and a car is standing still behind them
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a river
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else
A large man is sitting in a military accessories shop
express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent.
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
The tan dog is watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
A man is doing a card trick
A horse and its rider are leaping over a barrier
The brown dog is wearing a black collar.
A dog is emerging from a lake
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
A person is tearing paper
The cop is not sitting on a police bike
Nobody is on a motorcycle and is standing on the seat
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl
A man looking at a red motorcycle.
A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
A young boy is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
A surfer is riding a big wave across dark green water
a woman's sleeveless undergarment.
A young boy with a bib is watching the camera
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
A dog is looking at something near the water.
A jockey riding a horse.
react verbally.
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
A piece of bread, which is big, is having butter spread upon it by a man OR A piece of bread, which is big, is being spread with butter by a man
cause to become ice or icy.
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
A man is seeking a sign and is holding some money
A horse with no rider is falling over a hurdle
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some cans of soda
A woman is frying some food
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
A person is frying food in a pan
Two dogs are playing with each other
A young girl is dancing
There is no man cutting an onion
A white dog is standing in a lake
class of students taught together
move to a new location, state, or situation
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
Two dogs swimming in a pool.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
A group of students in uniforms is listening attentively at the front of the class
A white hat is being worn by a boy which is running on the beach
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
any tall, vertical shape
a rank or position relative to others
A girl is making a flute which is not to be played
two dogs running on the beach
A woman is removing the peel of a potato
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
A squirrel is lying down
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.
something that attains victory
(the content of) a communication.
A black poodle is running in the snow.
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.
A man crouching and holding a camera.
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
A cluster of four brown dogs are playing in a field of brown grass
A nude crowd in body paint is walking in front of a lady 
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a male cheerleader
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers â€” perhaps before the 2004 elections.
Small office space with bright green walls.
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
A brown dog is running in the grass.
have faith in, bet on
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
behave in a certain way.
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement
A brown and black dog is running through the leaves
A brown dog running over grass.
There is no dog bouncing on a trampoline
A woman is not cutting tofu
an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting listlessly at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
a verbal or written request for access to something.
The white dog runs across the snow.
a group of skiers going up a mountain
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch.
A person is stirring vegetables in a bowl
Two kids and a woman are playing games at an arcade
A person is listening to a trumpet playing
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is biting a bucket
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
be affected with smut or mildew
A lady of young age, with light brown hair, is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
Two men and a girl in front of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest.
cause to lean to the side.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a red, yellow and white hurdle
the act of forcing out someone or something.
tag the base runner to get him out.
Cause to be distrusted or rejected; damage the reputation of.
the act of protesting, dissenting
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
A brown dog biting a horse's leg.
The man is eating cereal
There is no woman dancing and singing in the rain
A man and a young boy are jumping off of a yellow kayak
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
Three goats are chased by a dog.
A banana is being eaten by a man
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
A group of people is sitting relaxed on both sides of a red stone monument
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the â€œvictimâ€ of a fraud.
supporter, advocate of something or someone
An Arabic man isn't wearing a white hat
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp.
A black and white dog is running outdoors
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
a physical protuberance, large or small
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
Three men playing baseball.
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the dry sand
add embellishments (to medieval manuscripts)
Two children are crouching under some metal bars
A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
A girl does the backstroke in the pool.
A black dog is jumping off a dock into water
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field.
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.3.500	Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
An organization that sponsors a large public event
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
move or gather in a hive
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
A brown dog squating on grass.
People are riding two camels on the sand
A person is slicing a potato
The black dog is not running through the grass
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
The woman is chopping some bread and fried pork
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.
A white dog is running on sand.
A blue bird standing on a lawn.
three black and white dogs running through a watery field.
a cause of pain or injury or loss.
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around.
the end or completion of something.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
talk in a tearful manner.
a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally).
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources.
A lemur is licking a person's finger
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
Two people are arguing near a crowd
The dog is being walked by the woman
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.
A woman wearing casual clothing is keeping her mouth closed and is near other people dressed differently
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
The dog is snapping at some droplets of water
A dog with a golden coat is swimming clumsily through the water
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
The skillet is being oiled by a woman who is pouring some water
communicate with a hiss
A man and a child are kayaking through gentle waters
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
the noise of something rapping against a surface
storage cabinet furniture
A dog laying down on a green cushion.
The cat perched on the table is looking out the window
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.
A little boy is wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
Someone is slicing a tomato
The little dog is dropping the bedroom slipper from its mouth
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera.
A woman is walking with a red bag.
train, tutor or polish social behavior, taste, judgement
to interrupt, enter uninvited
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the sea
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
There is no woman playing a guitar
get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally.
Several people are in front of a colorful building
A little girl on a red jungle gym.
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
the act of making or enacting laws.
A woman is placing two eggs into a pot of water
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on dirt and people are watching
Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.
A man with his bike amid a demolished building.
be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.
Cover or back with foil.
A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword
a large or extra supply of something.
two woman looking into a glass case.
Sound sharply or shrilly, as if stabbing.
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
A basketball player is on the court floor and another one is grabbing the ball
increase in extent or intensity.
release from confinement, obligation, or a burden
The man is lifting barbells
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
restrict or confine
The children of a family are playing and waiting
A woman is throwing a potato peel
a pair of mated people, e.g., married
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
a formal association of people with similar interests.
Men are sawing
allow to have.
A baby is not playing with a doll
The cows feed in the trough.
The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.
The cheetah is running quickly behind its prey
a state of being encircled
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountain top.
A woman is diving into a pool
A man is cutting a tree with an axe
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
The bearded man is not sitting on a train
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
There is no white race car driving through a puddle
A man is typing on a machine used for stenography
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Two dogs are running quickly through the park
They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case.
An oriental man and two women are facing a camera
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him.
the scent or odor of something
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A group of dogs are resting without muzzles
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching.
Three dogs running through a field.
A blond kid in green is sitting on a swing
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
creating a picture with paints.
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
The woman is not chopping garlic
A woman is cooking eggs
The cat isn't licking milk from a saucer
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
Two dogs ankle-deep in water.
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
A tiger is sitting
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
A black dog fetches a dead bird.
Two girls jump out of swings.
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
A girl is running on a desert path.
A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bag pipe.
maintain, assert, or claim
A person in a blue colored jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
The group of Asian girls are standing together
require or need something that is missing
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
The little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
To remain emotionally or intellectually          attached without necessary physical contact.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
The woman is pouring oil into a skillet
Three dogs running through the snow.
Three boys are jumping in the leaves
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
A couple walking down the street.
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping in the air
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
A man on a horse is riding on a track and waving
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
The woman is playing a flute
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
The young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby
A man on a bike in mid-air
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
turn on or around an axis or a center.
People on an amusement park ride.
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass.
secrete or form water
The writing is about a person penciling
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a signboard 
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something
Several cardinals stand in the snow.
There is no lady cutting up some meat
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
a state of confinement in a small space
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
hold in a tight grasp.
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
The girl, who is little, is combing her hair into a pony tail.
BASEBALL: strike out a batter
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
the act of creating an artistic work
Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick.
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
A social climber is tying a man to a cliff with a rope
A small monkey is walking through water
A black dog is walking along rocky terrain
appoint to a clerical posts.
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
A woman is dancing near a fireplace
A tree is being cut by a man with an axe
A man is running down the road
Tambourines are being played by a group of children
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
A brown dog is laying in the snow.
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
a native of ancient Troy.
Someone is scratching the belly of an animal
a reason for wanting something done.
the state of being actual or real.
two puppies playing around in the grass
A man is sprinkling cheese on a pizza
limit in quality or quantity.
The dog is running through the wet sand
Three hikers are standing on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A man and a woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts
No skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
A lean dog runs through a wooded area.
get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach.
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
hit a fly.
House with a red door.
A little girl is missing a baseball on a tee
An Asian woman is holding a fur scarf
There is no black and white dog jumping for a ball
The woman is taking up and holding a baby kangaroo
a unit cost of something
A person is repairing some cameras with a blow torch
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.
The man is driving a car
Nobody is riding the bicycle on one wheel
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
The men are performing on stage
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
Performance, routine
365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
A tan and white dog runs through water.
Three boys are resting on rocks along a river
I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply, said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
the act of perceiving a scent
A kid is waiting wearing swim gear
the act of adding one thing to another.
the act of rending, tearing, ripping
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
A pot of chili is being stirred by someone with a spoon
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
Two people run in the sand at the beach.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort.
someone who takes photographs professionally.
the act of shoving something away
Some racers are swimming in a lake
connect with; reach a target or goal
Different teams are resting on a field
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air.
A dog is riding a skateboard
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
A bicycle is being ridden by a man
A person is diving into clear blue water.
There is no man eating a pizza
be tantamount or equivalent to.
snatching or capturing a freely moving object
Two white dogs running in the grass together.
The hiker is following a trail uphill.
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
start to burn or burst into flames.
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent.
A tiger is pacing around a cage
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow
Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
A man is packing away an acoustic guitar
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
injure, scratch the surface
The monkey is practicing martial arts
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
A person with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
indistinct vocal articulations
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.
A bird perched on a flowerpot.
The woman is measuring a man
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
The crowd is watching a football game
a unit of atmospheric pressure
There is no woman exercising
A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The young boy is running through the ocean waves
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position
The helmeted girl is riding a bike
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
the state of believing in, or having confidence in, something or someone
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses
It's a huge black eye, said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
Fix (something old) with a new part; improve.
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
No lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.
A kid is cutting grass with scissors
assign to a particular task
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
a computer program that performs system support
The sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
A woman is crouching and holding a camera
A young couple is not lying in bed
A brown dog jumps high in the grass.
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
the concluding section of a communication
A young boy is jumping into water
give interlinear explanations or citations for text
There is no dog turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water.
The child is silent
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
A surfer is riding a big wave
express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".
There is no soccer player who is being tackled by an opponent
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
Two dogs standing in a lake.
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence
A man with Indian clothing and henna on his hand is going through paperwork
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
come up, as of liquid or gas
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach.
the act of taking something that is offered.
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.
A man is walking along a path through a wilderness
A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
There is no tan skinned child looking at the camera
Small children are getting off a statue in a park
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
Young men are dancing in front of some people
There is no young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud
A dog with a blanket dyed in blue is running through the grass
The young man is not rock climbing
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
A healthy looking dog is lying on the ground
an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered.
have a logical result
A bicyclist is holding a bike over his head in a group of people
A woman is removing eggs from a frying pan
There are no boys kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
make a loud noise, as of animal.
set into opposition or rivalry.
move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut.
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction
capture, ensnare, discover in the act
A greyish dog running in the snow.
cause to happen or be responsible for.
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A man is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
Two boys splashing in the surf.
A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog
These are dark days for our industry, Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
There is no woman using a sewing machine
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
A black and grey dog runs in a field with it's tongue hanging out.
A dog jumps off the stairs.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
There is no monkey pulling a dog's tail
The horse is being ridden by a man
A man is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
Four people are walking on the beach
give a detailed account of
The cognitive processes and capacity to remember.
The woman is not frying a breaded pork chop
the termination of a meeting.
I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately, he said.
A white dog is standing on it's hind legs with a ball in it's mouth.
A man is cleaning the sink
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse
There is no woman slicing a carrot
A man is not mowing a lawn
The man is cautiously operating a stenograph
An onion is being sliced by a person
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
Two children are bouncing on colorful balls
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons.
Two large persons are standing near a park bench and they have nothing between them
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river.
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
A surfer rides out the green and white waves.
The black dog is running on the grass.
(abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)
Fish is being fried by a woman
make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.
Two toddlers are sleeping in a wagon, which is really small
A snake is being fed a mouse by a man
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill.
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
Guitar is being played by a man
a person who delivers information or goods
A little boy in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
Two dogs play in a sandy field.
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike dangerously along a roadway
A man is cutting a paper plate
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.
A toy train is hitting a toy car
A person is riding an old motorcycle
act of constructing
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
Two girls are laughing and other girls are watching them
There is no man wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
a competitor most likely to win
A young, topless woman is covered in paint
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
The woman is cleaning a shrimp
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
An airplane facing the camera.
Someone is taking the okra out of a pot
A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk
office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order.
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
an observer of a process or activity
contain or have a specific wording or information
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
A small dog runs through a field.
form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.
There is no child holding a squirt gun
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
A person is packing a zucchini
settle or deal with something
an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.
A tiger is walking around with no aim
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.
A topless woman is being covered in mud
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument
To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
A girl is running with a pink shirt and is not wearing jeans
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
A man is riding on a bicycle with one wheel only
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
Two large dogs are frolicking in a field
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
Two women in a sailboat.
There are no dogs of different breeds looking at each other across a street
Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace
thread on or as if on a string.
A black and white dog is playing with a broken volleyball
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
make or be a summary
Someone is dismantling a piano
No dog is emerging from a lake
A woman is slicing some meat
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.
The small girl is riding in the toy car
A bike jumps through the air.
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
A father is launching the daughter in a swimming pool
A young girl going down a tube slide.
extend in a different direction.
Someone is holding a small animal
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
a conveyance that transports people or objects.
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
Three boys are rocking the walk along the river
A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass.
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has a gun
The person is flying through the air on a bicycle
A small child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase
A dog jogs through the grass.
There is no man mowing grass
Two dogs play in the snow
The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog.
A person above their surfboard on the water.
The girl is painting a coverall blue
There is no man riding a motorcycle
Dogs are running on a track
A bee is taking off from a yellow flower
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
Two trains inside a train station.
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
A man is talking on the phone
A race care driving along a dirt road.
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
A small cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and jumping inside
A man is putting seasoning on a pizza
A football game is being watched by the crowd
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
A man and a woman are walking through a desert area
A clown is singing
A black dog is jumping out of water.
A lady is being kissed by a man
The cat perched on the table isn't looking out the window
make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool.
Two children are not playing soccer in the park
an agent's act of terminating an activity or event
Some bikers are getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
the last (12th) month of the year.
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park.
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick
The muscular man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
Three dogs run in the snow.
The man is going into the water.
A man is shooting a weapon
An empty office chair in a cubicle.
provide a feast or banquet for.
Five people are running with three dogs in the green field beside the road
the translation of an opus from one language to another
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
make out of components (in an improvising manner)
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
pass into a state or condition
Two baby pandas are playing
the assertion of a proposition offered as true
A person is standing in the snow at the edge of a mountain
the context or setting in which something takes place
A woman is unstitching with a machine
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
There is no little boy with brown hair jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
to make less distinct or clear.
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
money deposited in a bank or some similar institution.
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
A dog carries a stick through the woods.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green jeep
A woman is pulling some sticky goo out of a bowl
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
Three men are practicing karate in a field
A couple is looking at a street guide
I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat.
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
Train in a station.
An animal is resting
There is no man playing a flute
There is no man doing a card trick
Child holding an object that is on fire.
the act of advocating or promoting something
treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood.
cook slowly and for a long time in liquid.
maintain or assert.
A woman is chopping up an octopus
the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
A woman is showing a dog with very short hair at a dog show
an injury to the skin caused by radiation, heat or chemicals
Manipulate or move something in order to operate.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the brush
cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
act against or in opposition to.
A man and a woman resting after exercise.
a disease of the heart.
A brown dog swimming in murky water.
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl
Two men are holding fishing poles and fishing tackle
A shirtless man is leading a carriage that is being pulled by a horse
cause to run in panic.
A man on a green bike is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.
a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
a momentary brightness.
take legal action against, as in court
A big group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
People are paddling near a raft that is being ridden
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
make keen; give (new) life or energy to
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings.
the act of stopping something.
The lamb is looking at the camera.
Someone is reading the email
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
A woman by a brick wall is wearing a mask around her mouth and a hair net
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
There is no boy cutting grass with scissors
A small black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
A person has blonde and flyaway hair and is playing a guitar
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
A dog running on the grass
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field.
A man is sitting on the beach
a black dog swimming through a river.
The boy is jumping into a lake.
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
A woman who is taking off a pink boa is stopping her bicycle on a bridge built for pedestrians
People is standing against a wall
the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space.
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
Two black puppies are playing near a pool
The American footballer is not wearing a red and white strip
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.
A brown and white dog is not running through the river
the act of chipping something.
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
A guy on a white horse.
A malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and preparing to jump
One person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
reverse the winding or twisting of.
A dog is jumping into the water.
A girl blows on a dandelion.
People sitting on the porch.
cause to throb or beat rapidly.
A dog running through mucky ground.
Two men are not holding fishing poles
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
unite; merge with something already in existence
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
The girl is sitting on top of a saddle.
Two dogs are playing on a rocky beach
A group of children is playing tambourines
Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
A man is slicing butter
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose.
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
Two beige dogs play in the grass.
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out.
refrain from doing something.
a slight cut in a physical surface
A bird flying in the air
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
show to be invalid.
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
A girl is messing up her hair
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
A dog is standing on the side of a mountain
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged.
affect with or as if with a cramp.
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.
The person is painting
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
the process of becoming less or smaller
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
pass through the esophagus
A lion is slowly walking
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
A group of men is playing with a ball on the beach
The deer is not jumping over the fence
come as a logical consequence; follow logically.
rehearse, learn by repetition
The hungry woman is eating
be the culminating event.
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
The woman is not slicing herbs
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
A person is playing a keyboard
A large white bird flying over water.
The potato isn't being peeled by a woman
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
A dog is running after a ball in the grass
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth.
Some oil is being poured on the tomatoes by the man
a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.
Several people are sitting at small tables in a darkened room
A boy is wearing a white hat and is running on the beach
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the yard
an indication of damage.
A tiger is walking around a cage
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and    forcefully through the news
Two children are playing soccer in the park
A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass
A man isn't pouring oil on the tomatoes.
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
the act of becoming more distant.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
A hockey player looks intently downward.
A dog, which is brown, and a black one are running in the grass
A woman is playing the drums
either half of an archery bow
feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard.
learn by reading books.
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.
There is no man drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
A young boy plays in the water fountain.
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces
The man is erasing the other man's work from the board
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.
A dog is running through some water.
The monkey isn't practicing martial arts
The man is playing the guitar
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
There is no dog jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the soft snow
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.
There is no man walking in the rain
The man is setting up the camera and taking sunset pictures at the beach
the act of losing someone or something.
A man is singing passionately
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
administrator, one who controls resources
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
take up, as of debts or payments.
a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc.
Cereal is being eaten by the man
Three dogs play in the grass.
Two baby pandas are sleeping
A girl is pushing a go-kart and a daughter is watching her father
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.
A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
Women pointing at a geyser.
Cause to move forward with force.
the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached.
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
There is no man speaking
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
A woman and three men are denying a photo
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole.
CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election.
make a written note of something
Two kids are doing martial arts on a blue mat
A woman is dancing near a fire
a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.
a happening or incident of human significance
the act of drawing or hauling something.
People stand outside a bookstore.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.
People are sitting at square tables in a red room.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something
The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
The horse is leaping over the rider at the barrier
to become aware of through the senses.
A man is working on the computer
There is no girl in blue jumping in the air
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball.
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman's hair.
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
have a great affection or liking for.
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.
Nobody is playing with a toad
Two men are doing a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard.
A black dog leaping over a hurdle.
argue or speak in defense of.
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
travel; make a tour of a place
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
have unlawful sex with a prostitute
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
throw a glance at; take a brief look at.
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall.
a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California, Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
a young child running along the shore at a beach
a social system of production, distribution and consumption
A large wet yellow cat is retrieving a toy
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
A women and a dog playing outside
Two young girls are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote
People are singing and a clown is dancing
find, determine the place of
(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.
perform (a church sacrament) ritually.
take or capture by force or authority
Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
the act of winding or twisting.
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
A ball is being caught by a dog in mid air
a notational mark used in writing, diacritic
put up with something unpleasant
A small black and white dog is biting a stick and is swimming
place limits on (extent or access).
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
A woman is eating a piece of meat
A teenage girl is storing away beads that are red
A girl is naked and is standing on the grass
forbid, prohibit
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
a dog pounces on the grass.
process or result of becoming less or smaller.
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
A woman is talking to a man
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a crocodile float that is green
Three dogs running through water.
A brown dog running after a a red ball.
Three dogs are playing in the water.
(cause to) move around
Two dogs run through the grass.
the rate of moving (especially walking or running).
the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on.
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is quickly running 
The woman is adding sugar to the meat slowly
loss of ability to function normally.
A person is rinsing a steak with water
Two dogs running through the grass.
People wearing costumes are scattering in a forest and are looking in different directions
a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
A snowboarding man is jumping through the air
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect.
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
A squirrel is spinning around in circles
A man is walking along a track through a wilderness
a loss of function
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
a problem.
A rainbow afghan is being held by a girl in gold and purple
A man is drawing
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is close to a brown dog
A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
The woman is removing cheese from the sauce
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods.
the solid part of the earth's surface.
Tony's not feeling well, Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
cause to spread in another part of the world.
A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
Four children are doing backbends in the gym
spend time in prison or in a labor camp.
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
the activity of providing supplies
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
cause to move by pulling.
The group of dim people is sitting in a room
Small children are climbing a statue in a park
The piece of paper is being cut
A man is shaking a drink
A person is kicking a soccer ball between their feet
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek.
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Several jumpers are swimming in the water
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
An airplane is taking off
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.
Draw in and expel air through lungs.
An old man is sitting in a field
A man is cutting the tape on the box
A man is slicing a bun
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
A man is riding a kayak through water.
Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.
A white dog jumps into a pool.
A woman is using an eye pencil and is applying eye liner to her eyelid
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
People standing outside at a carnival.
impress or affect deeply.
There is no milk being drunk by a cat
The Jockeys are slowing down their horses on the field, which is completely green
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
a train rides on his tracks.
The act of sorting one thing from others.
A group of people is gathering at a stand at the fair
A white and brown dog is pacing through the water with difficulty
a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something
A man is getting off the car
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.
A little girl is playing a guitar
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
the event of something burning (often destructive).
Two bikes are being ridden by two people
A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and scrubbing with a brush
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
The bike rider is looking at an accident of another bike rider
the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
the trait of wasting resources.
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
Several people are not walking in line across a bridge
A machine is sharpening a knife
one fourth of a year
A woman with her child.
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle
give new life or energy to.
a skateboarder grinds a rail.
Some cheerleaders are dancing
a business firm that publishes newspapers.
Two dogs are playing outside
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
Three children are running down hill
A man is coming out of the water
An airplane is flying through the air
I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money, Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley.
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
cause to become violent or angry.
A child catcher reaching out his MIT to catch a ball.
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.
Child milking a cow outside.
A brown dog is sitting down
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
Two people are looking at a gold statue
Produce a phonemic click.
A group of people having a meal outside.
A young child is running outside over the fallen leaves
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the skateboard
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
A man is petting two dogs
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity
The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
Two dogs playing in a yard.
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
A person is wearing a red jacket and holding a beer
There is no hiker dancing on top of the mountain
They've been in the stores for over six weeks, says Carney.
He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
increase the volume of.
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.
handle effectively.
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
The dog with the black coat is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
There is no man shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
A man in a small city is doing charity work
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
A man is playing a violin
A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
A woman is wearing an Indian headdress
A man is abruptly falling off a horse on a track laid in the wild
A steak is being rinsed with water by a person
Two kids laying on a bed upside down
The Jockeys are racing horses on the field, which is completely green
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
The man is standing next to a bird cage
A lone biker is jumping in the air
Understand the meaning of something.
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
to hunt snipe
come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.
The snowboarder is not jumping off a snow covered hill
A woman skiing down a snowy hill.
The man isn't lifting weights
a person eating a meal, often in a restaurant
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
act, form, or progress according to a plan or ideal
admit to testing or proof.
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
Domestic cat looking out window.
take apart into its constituent pieces.
A white dog is standing on fallen leaves
A snowboarder going over a ramp.
bring in to consonance
an indicator that orients you generally.
activity of selling
a military aircraft that drops ordinance
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.
A man is working on the laptop
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing.
obtain data from magnetic tapes.
A lemur is biting a person's finger
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water.
Two girls are playing guitar
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass.
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
the act of referring or consulting.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
move an implement through with a circular motion, mix
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face
A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.
Some men are running a race
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head.
A man is not talking on the phone
face and withstand with courage.
A hockey player during a game.
A man and woman are talking
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
Some meat is being cut into pieces by a woman
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
spend time in prison
Children play in a pile of snow.
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
Two children are hanging on a large branch
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus
Four happy people sitting on a red couch
What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do.
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
A large crowd in warm clothing is posing for a camera
pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
The man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth.
Some boys being dressed with a carpet are sitting on two red tuxedos 
the act of projecting out from something.
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
A dog, which is black, and a white one are staring at each other in the street
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
The lady isn't slicing up the meat
A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen.
Two dogs playing in grass.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
One cat is playing with a watermelon
free from obligations, service or confinement
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
Five adults are sitting on stone steps
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the road
A child in clothing which is light colored is standing with his arms extended outward
a man wearing an orange U. Miami tee shirt playing tennis
cause to turn from one course or use to another
The man is not playing the guitar
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a brown dog in the grass
Be reflected as heat, light, or shock waves;.
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
A woman is seasoning a ham
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
A woman in a shirt dyed in black is sitting next to a fluorescent green bag
The panda is not eating bamboo
The woman is cooking something
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
hold or embrace in a tight grip
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
The men are having a conversation
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin.
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.
the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original).
A blonde lady is looking at a tower
the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.
A waterfall is flowing out of a shallow pool
interfere in someone else's activity.
a duplicate of something, serving as a backup
A cat song is being played on a piano
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera.
The man is not taking a picture of himself and another guy
A woman is slicing carrots
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end.
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.
A person on a bmx bike.
The girl is using a pencil for the eyes on her eyelid
take in marriage.
a chance to do something.
There is no man sharpening a knife
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
make images or sounds less sharp
A group of people are not dancing at a concert
The man is performing a large jump
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail
a white dog is running through the snow.
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
A dog is leaping high in the air and another is watching
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
(science) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element.
A man is spitting
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.
manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery).
The military officer is barking at the recruits
A tan dog is resting in the snow
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
A man is talking on a cell phone
An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two kids in a pool
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.
A little boy, in a camouflage jacket, looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks.
A girl is playing on a swing.
The man is lifting weights
A woman is swiftly cutting an onion
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a marching band
Two young women with folded arms are looking away from the screen
A man is driving a car
A mostly black train on a track.
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
A person, who is riding a bike, is wearing gear which is black
A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
the act of physically affixing or connecting things
protect with or as if with a shield
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
The lady is measuring the ankle of another woman
A bike is being held over his head by a bicyclist in a group of people
A man in a blue jumpsuit is courageously performing a wheelie on a motorcycle
The brown dog is playing outdoors
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
the quality of being dependable
A little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign.
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
There is no woman preparing an egg in a skillet
fetching something from a source
Three enemies are making faces for the camera
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
The person is riding the horse
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
A tan dog is walking through snow.
the last or lowest in an ordering or series.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
an indication or manifestation of something, often physical
something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
Two dogs bound across the grass.
Two men on the side of a barge
A person is buttering a tray
The people are sitting aimlessly on a bench in front of a restaurant
A lady is dressed in black and is carrying a white cross
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
A brown and white dog running into the water
the entering of a legal document into the public record.
Reproduce or make an exact copy of; make,    do, or perform again.
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball.
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field
A woman is putting some sticky goo in a bowl
advance or set forth in court.
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
There is no woman snowboarding down an incline and there is no other woman standing behind her
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
A small bird eating from the feeder.
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink.
Some men are playing rugby
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.
A dog jumps high in the snow.
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code
decide a specific time for an event
reproduce or make an exact copy of.
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.
A girl is drawing a man
The man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of the dog
beat or pound rapidly
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
A tan skinned child is looking at the camera
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is resting in the yard
Let's show we won't let them off, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle.
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
a long thin implement resembling a length of wood.
Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.
a friend who is frequently in the company of another.
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
A man and a woman laughing.
Children smiling and making faces to the camera.
leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue.
There is no man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and riding a unicycle down a street
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
Give oneself entirely to a specific person,    activity, or cause.
The man is running on the road
Nobody is riding a bike
A man is playing a guitar
Some women are dancing
A man is holding a frog
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
the central area of an object
forcefully request
A black dog is running through some water.
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
A woman is receiving volleyballs
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.
A man is dangerously dancing on the ceiling of a room
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four beer bottles
Two dogs play together in the yard.
The person is walking
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
The white bird is landing swiftly in the water
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
(An occurance of) the preservation or management of natural resources.
A child is missing a baseball
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
informal terms referring to a domestic cat.
The brown dog is sniffing the back of a small black dog
A man is slicing some bread
A dead bird is near a black man sitting on a tree
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
The child is playing with toys indoors
rescue, redeem, deliver from harm or danger
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth.
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
Someone is banging a camera lens against a nail
A man is chopping an onion
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
The person in the blue jacket is putting down a colorful helmet
The white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
play a stringed instrument with a bow
A train is running on the tracks.
The man is sitting next to a birdcage
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
A violin is being played by a man
anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower.
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
a portrayal of someone or something, through words or behavior
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.
Two dogs run and play with a brown stick.
Nobody is sitting in the chairs and watching the ocean
The woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
bring to a certain pressure
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks.
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
pronounce with a nasal twang
A bird flying over the water.
(cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound
A man is playing the instrument
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
Two animals are running through the park
place or lay as if in a pile
draw from specific cases for more general cases.
A picture is being drawn by a man
There is no man slicing a tomato
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing outdoors
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surf board.
An Arabic man is wearing a white hat
A black person is running along a white stand and a dog barks behind him
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
The person is not riding the horse
cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
make or become more narrow or restricted.
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
a white dog runs across the water.
The man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
An elderly man works on his laptop at home.
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball.
estimate the value of.
A black and white rally car takes the turn.
A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
A man takes photos on the water's edge.
Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
A young woman is getting a tattoo on her hand
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong
the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen.
The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
immerse briefly into liquid or container
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
A boy is playing an instrument
A person is playing the keyboard
A person is holding a frog
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
seal, insulate or protect
An animal is biting someone's finger
Saturate or inocculate with a substance.
place or set apart.
someone who controls resources and expenditures.
The players is maneuvering for the soccer ball
The boy is not playing the piano
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
deal with in a routine way.
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
There is no man standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
A man is cutting a boot with a sword
There is no man slicing potatoes
person who is a social companion
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
A child and two dogs play in the water.
the activity of supplying or providing something.
Two men are talking
There is no couple running towards the ocean
Black and white cows behind a fence.
The woman is playing a guitar which is electric
The man is rock climbing
A trick is being performed by a rollerblader on a ramp
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow.
A piano is being played by a man
A man and a woman are jumping on the curb
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
There is no man screaming
A racer is leaning on a racing motorcycle
A large stream is full of rocks, ducks and flies
the act of disturbing the mind or body.
The panda bear is not lying on the logs
A cat reclines on an office chair.
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
A boy hanging from a jungle gym
A skateboarder on a ramp.
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
A young girl in a bikini is sitting on the beach
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp.
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth.
Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.
The man is slicing some potatoes
It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better.
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.
A cat is playing with a device
send from one person or place to another.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
The woman is handling a frog
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary, said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
Some kids play in a field.
Two sheep stand in a doorway.
A horse is running
Two dogs run through mud.
The male, who is dark skinned, is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A girl dances on a stage.
Two dogs wrestle in the snow.
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
Two dogs run through a field.
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
A boy has a blue face and dirt on the shirt
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a ball
Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
A brown puppy is gnawing a metallic post that is stuck in the ground
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
A grey dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
A brown dog running through the grass.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O MuireagÃ¡in was a member, welcomed his release.
Follow one's own or another's path
A boy is skillfully playing a piano
Become pregnant.
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal
Any activity that acquires a person's attention.
A girl in orange lights a candle.
an address used for postal communication
cause to reproduce (plants or animals)
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
A skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
The man is playing a harp
A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
tell or spread rumors; say
The man is removing knives from a tree
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total.
Kids play soccer on a field.
A woman is cutting butter
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
come up, as of a liquid.
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in an uncomfortable position
the event of something being raised upward.
Eggs are being strongly whisked in a bowl by a person
A group of boys are quiet in front of a large door made of wood
Provide with rails, as by laying.
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
the act of taking possession of or power over something.
A moped in front of ruins.
A woman is putting away a carrot
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
The people are standing at a carnival
A person is cooking some food
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide
There is no man reading an email
A man is getting into an automobile
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
A person is chopping down a tree with an axe
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass.
a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it.
A person in a blue jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
The man is feeding the snake with an animal
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
believe to be the case.
A man is riding a rodeo bull
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
A dog standing near snow looking at water.
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
the greatest possible degree of something.
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.
A football player in a red and white uniform is being lifted by two teammates
A dog plays in the water.
A black-and-white dog running in the water.
A man and woman blow bubbles.
We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms, Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
Two dogs are resting on the beach
Some horses are racing furiously over the green grass and jumping an obstacle
A boy in a swimsuit is sitting on top of a circular fountain
Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
The panda bear is lying on the logs
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy.
The white dog is running in the shallow water.
a person who is in charge.
A woman is slicing an eggplant
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice.
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
A lick of milk sauce is being given to the cat
A brown dog in running on grass.
The sheep is standing under the trees.
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
A man is crouching and holding a camera
This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement.
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility
retreat or move from a position, relocate
form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case.
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
Three children playing on a floor with toys.
A classroom is full of students
a relatively long narrow piece of something.
An electronic keyboard is being played by a man
the act of devoting time and energy to something
free from a burden, evil, or distress.
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
an itemized statement of money owed
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
Two men standing on beach.
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult's lap.
make amorous or sexual advances toward
give, dedicate, pledge
An orange pepper is being diced up by a person
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
Two black dogs in the snow.
There is no person riding a jetski in the waves
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
A man is crying
the act of escaping physically.
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
Three men are lying on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
Roller blades sliding on a railing.
(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer.
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
Some paper is being cut
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline.
A brown puppy is gnawing a wooden post that is stuck into the ground
A group of five young adults are lounging indoors
communicate or signal with a flag.
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
A black dog walking through water.
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.
A man with equipment used for climbing is hanging from a white, vertical rock.
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
the act of applying force in order to move something away.
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
A passenger plane parked on a runway.
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
A conceptual formulation; a way of conceiving something.
strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin.
No motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a motorcycle
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
A baby is not playing a guitar
There is no woman slicing potatoes
A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap and is talking and marching
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
separate with or as if with an instrument.
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them.
Two people playing on a snowy hill.
the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order.
There is no dog crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
cause or become accessible state, make or become available
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
A little brown and white dog is running on the road
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
A woman is washing her feet
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
want, desire or perfer to do something
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.
A stuntman on a bike is in the air near a body of water
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
equip with a fuse
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
Four small children sit on tall stools at a resturaunt bar.
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
The human act of making something new.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
Different football players are teaming on a field
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
A black dog splashes through greenish water.
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results, Buell said.
The act of coming to rest after a voyage.
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
a special set of circumstances.
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
A man is cutting a slice of bread
Two people are fist fighting in a ring
a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government.
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
a wet dog chasing a white ball
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
the event consisting of the start of something.
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
Bread is being sliced by the man
A woman is carefully pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
A man is strolling in the rain
A dog is running uphill
Some racers are running down a track
A woman is jumping rope outside
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity.
A dog is running with a ball
throw quickly.
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third.
join or bring together (two) objects, ideas, or people
Two men and a girl in behind of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.
The tall person is setting fire to the cameras
A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
Two girls lean around a tree, laughing.
The man and woman are not walking
(Literally) sound with resonance.
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background.
A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event.
Two guys are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
A boy and his bike leaps into the air.
the degree or amount of something
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
The kids are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
make a logical or causal connection.
turn the paddle; in canoeing.
hold or carry in equilibrium.
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
a porch that resembles the deck on a ship.
Two men in hats pose together.
Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles.
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
One man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing
They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous, said the Oscar-winning film director.
There is no man on a boat in front of the sunset
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
A small group of people is waiting to eat in a restaurant
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.
Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.
The man is doing a trick on his green bike.
One young lady is jumping on the car
maintain or preserve a particular condition, state, or activity
However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
Two females jump off of swings.
A woman is throwing volleyballs over a net
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone.
Men are running a race
Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.
take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
Two dogs are playing with a small red ball
an accounting period of 12 months
One man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
The food on the trays isn't being eaten by the kittens
The dog is chasing the ball
ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.
Two cows cross a paved street.
A man is whacking a boy with a sword
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water.
Two dogs running through tall grass.
A woman is stroking a lemur
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
A fish is swimming
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely
take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal.
infer or believe to be the case
Smiling man with reflective classes.
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.
The woman is dancing
The man on stage isn't singing into the microphone
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
A light-colored dog runs on the beach.
rein in to keep from winning a race.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
An instance or action of being incorrect.
A guitar is being played by a man
A dog is jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
(Contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.
be or play a part of or in.
A woman is slicing a green pepper
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are fighting in the backyard
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photograph
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
A large sheep standing on a hill.
A young white child is not standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
The women are divinely dancing outside
the state of being in effect or being operative.
A dog shakes off water
We are expending all available resources toward the investigation, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
A large group of Asian people is eating at a restaurant
Two men talking in front of a small plane.
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof).
A man with no shirt is jumping over a log
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
A child in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline
A man is dancing
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition
something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action.
A bird is resting its wings in the water
A girl in a white dress is running
maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).
give up right or possession to another
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
A young child is barefoot and is walking past a puddle full of mud
A boy is spanking a woman with a plastic sword
Nobody is pouring ingredients into a pot
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
A woman is watching the lake
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
turning or twisting around (in place).
the act of improving something's quality
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
The man is drawing
Two boys playing in water.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
A dog is playing in the green field
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
Several swimmers are jumping into the water
an obligation to pay or do something.
Parked white double decker bus.
A group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
make thick or thicker.
A girl is surrounding brown dressed children who are closing the eyes
A man is singing and playing a guitar
A person with a back pack, who is topless, is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is seated beside her
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
One woman is beating two eggs in the bowl and using a whisk made of wire
Three men and a woman are posing for a picture
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
The women are not dancing outside
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
value a thing or course of action more highly than another
A sitting man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint
A white bike and a yellow bike are racing down the track
A bull standing in the field.
She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
A woman is showing a small dog to an infant
The man on stage is singing into the microphone
a channel for communication between groups.
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction
lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer.
A black dog is staring at a sheep.
There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN, he said.
It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing together on the grass
A large dog and a small dog is standing on the kitchen counter and investigate
the people who dwell in a camp
A panda is climbing
Two airplanes in the sky.
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
A person is sitting in a field and is wearing a hat
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench
a dog runs across the land.
This group of people is practicing water safety and wearing preservers
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass.
The woman in the white sweater is drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
Someone is scratching the back of an animal
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
ask for and get free; be a parasite.
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
the state of having options, alternatives
Two boys on a couch are reading a book
The woman is slicing an onion
move freely (usually within a bounded space)
A young kid is jumping into water
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.
find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of.
unrestricted freedom to use.
The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
A brown dog running after a young cow.
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.
A small boy in a green shirt is striping a sliding tube
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
a person who cleans chimneys
A man is opening a box with a knife
examine minutely.
The white dog runs through the ocean.
A naked girl is walking beside her bike at night
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
A dog is chasing a ball in the grass
have flavor; taste of something.
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
Two little girls in pink are dancing.
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth.
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
a sudden, brief burst of light
There is no dog in a colored coat running across the yard
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
Two men are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
A man in a elegant dress is being surrounded by photographers
Two men are racing in a tire rolling competition
A few men are watching cricket
The cat is playing keyboards
It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation, said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
cause (someone) to undergo something.
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
It''s absurd, Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
A woman is standing and isn't looking at the waterfall
A man with a white moustache is sitting on a balcony and is looking at the road below
The elephant is being ridden by the woman
A large white crane is flying near the water
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813).
the date on which an obligation must be repaid.
A man and a woman are standing still in the woods
People are dangling from straps and kicking at each other
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
There is no man sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
A young child is walking with a bike on a rough dirt path
A woman is swiftly snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
Four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
A rope is being climbed by a man
Four dogs playing in the snow.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
Two people are looking at a statue made of gold
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
Two blokes are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
There is no man recklessly riding a horse
The dogs play in the snow.
A green car parked at a saloon.
A white dog is jumping from a dock into the water
A brown dog is running after a dark dog on a rocky shore
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
A man is playing guitar next to a drummer
(cause to) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm
A woman in a bikini is pulling a cat on a leash at the beach
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are standing on a red carpeted floor
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
the black and white dog is running through the ocean.
the act of arriving at a certain place
state of being active, bustling about
A boy in blue is running towards a woman in blue
the way something conforms to a shape
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.
A cat is sitting on a piano
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.
a physical entity
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
A yellow dog is drinking water from the faucet
souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party.
A man is slowly dancing on the road
A cook is coating a pork chop
an actor who plays a principal role.
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee.
A man who is resting his head on his hand.
Two brown dogs are leaving a frisbee in the water
a process of becoming smaller or shorter.
A woman is leaning on a racing motorcycle
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
A man is playing the flute
The woman is cutting a carrot
a cell for violent prisoners.
be pertinent or relevant or applicable.
A black dog walks through a rocky, grassy landscape under a blue, cloudy sky.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are enthusiastically tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
A person is kicking a ball for a soccer game between somebody's feet
make or become wider or more extensive
burn slightly to affect color
A bee is clinging to a yellow flower
A man is spilling orange juice and standing still
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass.
Three dogs swim in the water.
The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house
A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program.
take vows, join or allow to join a religious order
A young girl in a coat made for winter is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone.
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Oil is being poured into the pan by the woman
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
A man is standing still
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
A man dressed in black is riding a bike
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
bring two objects, ideas, or people together.
work material with a tool
to fill with coal or oil
fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.
A yellow dog is chasing a ball
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets
A man is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
Bring back to life, return from the dead
There is no woman frying something
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
Two children are playing in the surf
A little boy in blue shorts, glasses, and a coat stands in the surf.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
travel at an excessive or illegal velocity.
The lady is slicing up the meat
A dog which is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
overcome with amazement; flabbergast
A prawn is being cut by a woman
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.
put into a certain place or abstract location.
A skier going down the snowy hill.
A person in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
four children are playing on a trampoline.
There is no man playing an electronic keyboard
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it.
write as if with print, not in cursive
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
A dog looking at the camera in snow.
Several people are sitting at small tables in a light room
an open motorboat used for transport
A cheetah is shaken off by its prey across a field.
A football is being held by a man with no shirt
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
the state of being connected.
People are sitting at tables in a red room
Two cows graze in a field.
Two people are riding motorbikes
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the rollerblades
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing.
The girl with a helmet is perching on a bike
A man is fishing in the river
A family, which looks happy, is posing by the fireplace
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with bare hands
reason or establish by deduction
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
A dog is running on a snowy road
There is no man opening a door
the act of troubling or annoying someone.
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings.
the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing).
No snake is being fed a mouse by a man
the act of pulling an object
A boy in a blue dyed shirt has dirt on his face
Jeremy's a good guy, Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
A person is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
A man is laying a cover over a wild horse that is falling on the track
Two kids are sitting on colorful balls
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
A bus drives down a busy road.
A dog is missing the ball in mid air
the act of choosing or selecting.
There is no girl with black and orange patches on the cheeks
the ability to recall things
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
A dog running on the grass.
A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
Two young boys are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.
A skier speeds through the snow.
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
The woman is adding sugar to the meat
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
a lone dog running in a dirty road
the price of a good or service
A sheep standing near her children.
A dog is walking along a snowdrift
A box is being cut by a man
The kid is swimming through the blue ocean
A lean dog runs through green grass.
react to in a certain way.
a group of nations having common interests.
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is very small
A bicycle in front of some ruins.
The person is writing
the act of harming or hurting someone
to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange.
A woman is not cutting shrimps
pass over, across, or through.
the rescue or release of someone, something
A woman is putting on makeup
do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
A man is racing
There is no family posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
the amount by which something decreases.
The two dogs are running through the grass.
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
bend into the shape of a crank.
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
Three people preparing to canoe.
A man is cutting a potato into pieces
take up with the tongue.
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
A plane is landing
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content
A young boy riding in a swing.
Black dog running very fast.
A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is jumping down off a dirt bike
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground.
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a vehicle
A dog runs in the woods.
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
A tiger is strolling around
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other children are playing in the background
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."
A skier in black is catching a tiny bit of air
One person pours oil on a few tomatoes
The dog is having a rest in the park
A woman is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
A guitar is being played by a girl
a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve
The man is not eating a banana by a tree
Three dogs are resting on a sidewalk
the system of production and distribution and consumption.
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth.
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track.
Some people are sitting on a low cement ledge
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
There is no man with a hard hat dancing
The boys are standing and burning a car
provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
(cause to) become overloaded or overcharged
A cyclist on a yellow bike is airborne
a computer server
There is no man screwing a piece of wood to a wall
the quality of being significant.
the act of rubbing a surface
The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
hunt for hawks
A man riding a small bicycle.
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
a dog sprints across the water.
The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something.
A young couple is lying on a bed together
A man is fixing a silencer to a gun
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
billow up in the form of a cloud.
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
a group of sheep or goats.
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
The air is tricking a performing cyclist
Something is being fried by a woman
become quiet or still; fall silent.
The doctors are healing a man
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
the act of cutting off length, snipping off
A brown dog is running in the snow
A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
A man in a suit is not being surrounded by photographers
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
The man is talking about the telephone
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit.
To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).
The little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on her head
Seasoning is being added to the water by the man
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth.
A woman is dancing
A white dog walking in the snow.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
A man is playing two keyboards
Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer, it said.
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
adherence to moral principles
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
Two boys are laying in the water close to the beach
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball
Two dogs are playing together on the grass
sound sharply or shrilly.
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
the act of governing, administrating
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
a partial denture
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
A woman is speaking loudly on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
The blue train is at the station.
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
A dog catching a Frisbee.
Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset
A woman picking up a large rock.
A person is frying some food
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
There is no man squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
indistinct articulation.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.
a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices.
There is no dog standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
A boy is staring at a calendar
A girl sits on a red play structure
Three men are sitting on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
A harp is being played by a man
A big dog is running on the ground
A tan dog is running through the brush
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an European state
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a clean wall
A man is diving into a pool
A black dog is standing in deep water
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
A cat is playing a keyboard
A red sled is being held by a little girl in a green coat and a boy walking in the snow
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
People are sitting at square tables in a red room
Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one, Myers said.
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a cloth on the street
It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
A dog walks on the beach.
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
There is no dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
subject to political, religious, or moral censorship.
the cause or instigation of something
a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.
The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person stands behind it
A girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
Cook on a hot surface using fat; cook in oil.
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
There is no person pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
develop in a positive way.
The dog is licking a bottle
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
a bird lands in the water.
the act of applying paint to a surface.
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
Benjamin Rush, physician and American Revolutionary leader.
burst into flames (telic)
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
A little girl is selling a scooter
(Cause to) become widely distributed.
A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall
(cause to) stop speaking or bring about silence
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.
A man and woman sit on a park bench.
The person is playing the guitar
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
The woman is not waterskiing
hold, contain within
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.
any affliction that causes great suffering.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
A woman is riding an animal
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
A young man with brown hair and shades is sitting in front of some cans of soda
A person is folding a tortilla
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella
British term for the luggage compartment in a car.
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
The baby is being put into a trash can by a woman
A means or agency by which something is communicated.
A black dog walks through some water.
A brown dog is running across the yard with a toy in its mouth
I really liked him and I still do, Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle on ground which is mostly barren
A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk
A man is removing the garlic from some slices of bread
cause to grow thin or weak.
A white bicycle stands on a floor.
remove to or from a place or situation
A horse is standing
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
The white dog is running through a white posts on an obstacle course.
A dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
A man is running
cook slowly for a long time in liquid
to distribute systematically or strategically.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
A person is riding a horse
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
Not a lot of people are in an ice skating park
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass.
the act of choosing or selecting
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
a negative aspect of something that is generally positive.
A little girl is peddling a scooter
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
rot; become unfit for consumption
There is no child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline
A woman is not slicing carrots
An Esso gas station with trees in the background.
show to a seat; assign a seat for.
The man is hammering a nail with a camera
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
Force to go away by blinking one eye.
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are investigating
The guitar is being played by a girl
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
Make sure of.
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti.
Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people
look at or observe something or someone
difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension.
something that is desired intensely.
A man is watering the grass and excitedly playing with a dog
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table
A basketball player is scoring a basket.
Two dogs play on the grass.
come as if by falling.
Two dogs run through the snow.
An Asian child is blowing bubbles from an orange bubble hoop.
A big green ball is knocking a potato
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
A hamster is singing
a dog shews on a big stick.
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is not standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
Some people are sitting on the ground outside a monument
the action of putting something into operation.
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
an exclusive, privileged group of people
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A black dog looking at the camera.
The person is carefully slicing a potato
A little bird floating in the water.
cause something to be the case
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.
cause to become widely known.
Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
People travel up the elevator together.
A dog is jumping through the water.
A lot of people are in an ice skating park
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
One man is dancing
A mountain is being climbed by two men
Two people diving into a body of water.
There is no person cutting some ginger
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
A woman is surfing
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing near two men who are seated on a park bench
I notice a mood change in their priorities, said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
The man is not walking along a path through the wilderness
put heels on a shoe
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it.
Tiles are being broken with his hands by a man
The man is singing and playing the guitar
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
A man is sitting in a field
A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
A person in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
a state of exposure to harm
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree
A close up of an ostrich face.
fall or cause to fall
become less interesting or attractive.
Three people are driving ATVs
a supplementary part or accessory.
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.
A brown and white dog is biting a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
The man is racing for the lead 
An opponent is tackling a soccer player
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.
A man is riding a horse in the desert
Four athletes are with a woman in a crowded stadium
A group of people is not walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
women's sleeveless undergarment
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
elevated wooden porch of a house
A skateboarder in the city.
Two women are sparring in a kickboxing match
pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals).
The child has a necklace on and is in the water.
Nobody is folding a piece of paper
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is playing on a slide
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a field
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
The man is not stirring the sauce for the chicken
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
There is no little girl playing the piano
We are aware of the situation, said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
warn or call to a sense of preparedness
A woman is playing volley ball.
A person is performing acrobatics on a motorcycle
A jet is flying
behave in a certain way, usu. joyful
bring into a different state.
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles
A woman is slicing a fish
The man is granting an interview
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)
burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
A small girl is riding in a toy car
A dog is running through a field and is chasing a ball
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.
A young girl on Rollerblades.
give a thrashing to, beat
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella.
A person is folding a sheet
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding something
A person is not chopping an onion
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him.
Two kids are taking out a green colored crocodile float from a swimming pool
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
A man is playing a keyboard
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle.
make a great effort at a mental or physical task.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
the quality of being important, worthy of attention
A woman is riding a horse
Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.
A man is freeing a fish
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings.
A young girl with painted face is standing next to some other children
a mental activity of construing or interpreting
A person is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness, Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.
A dog running in the grass.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
A black dog is walking through some tall grass
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
Three children playing in hay
An woman that is old is shaking hands with a man
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
a black dog runs across the snow.
Someone is stirring food in the water
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
A dog runs on brown grass.
There is no man opening a box with a knife
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down a road beside the water
A small white dog running
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
Three children are running up a grassy hillside
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.
The woman is putting pasta into a dish
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.
Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
The play for the ladies requires a guitar
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
A man is picking a can
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
A woman is painting a man's face
A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
A dog, which is little and black, is chasing a little brown dog
Dogs in a race.
A man in a car is not pulling up beside a woman who is walking along a road
(cause to) meet or intersect
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
collect discarded, refused or damaged material
A fish is being sliced by a man
computer text files
A black dog and a tan dog are fighting
the act of removing or getting rid of something.
preserve with sugar.
have a distinctive or characteristic taste.
incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating.
Two brown dogs barking at each other.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the seashore
Two dogs are playing by a tree
A kid is sitting wearing swim gear
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.
become pregnant; undergo conception.
A child rolls around in a large tire.
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
Strike or hit sharply, perhaps as in sport.
A dog in a bucket is biting a tree which is probably a pine
make physical contact with, possibly with the effect of physically manipulating.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
Black and white dog running through water.
There is no woman placing skewers onto a rack
put an end to, make invalid a process that's already begun
remove tree stumps from.
sniff or smell inquiringly.
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
A little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
serve as the inciting cause of.
A dog is running with a volleyball
A little boy with brown hair is jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge
be a signal for or a symptom of.
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
A dog shaking off water.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position
A black topless person is packing a pile of rocks and a front of clouds are in the background
allow the passage of air
A black dog is standing in shallow water
There is no woman combing her hair
A swan is flying through a body of water.
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area.
A bird is flapping its wings on the water
Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance.
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera.
a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.
A woman is putting on makeup carefully
the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport.
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
A cat is in a sandy area with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
The act of dividing or disconnecting.
starting page of a website
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
A bride with a white veil is looking down
A man is riding a horse on the beach
There is no man doing pull-ups
A girl is playing the guitar
A young girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
Some kittens are eating
A woman is slicing an octopus
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
A group of six children sit at a wooden table.
overcome with amazement.
pass the tongue over.
Surround completely; close in, as if with a    covering or border.
Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
A person is coming out of the water
A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and playing in a puddle full of mud
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a wagon, which is really small
Some bells are ringing near a cook slicing peppers
A child is playfully swimming underwater in a pool
put or introduce into something.
throw into great confusion or disorder.
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee.
Somebody is playing the piano
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
A young girl in a winter coat is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball in a brown field
conform to a metrical pattern.
There are no little boys playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass
The singer is hiring a person to fire the guitar player
create and charge with a task or function.
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth.
Two men are standing in deep water
Two dog play in the snow.
grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to.
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage
A herd of deer is stopping at the street
Two people are wading through the water
A black and brown dog is eyeing a fly
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
prove or corroborate
A man is singing and standing on the sidewalk
There is no woman slicing an onion
economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation
The dogs are running in the snow.
cause to move, cause to be moved
A man is arranging the garden
Five birds stand on the snow.
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
There is no man playing the guitar loudly
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
A boy in a striped shirt is playing in front of a water fountain
A race car driver is standing up and is fiercely pointing his hand at the sky
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a rainy day
The man is not riding a mechanical bull
a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
provide with a covering or cause to be covered.
A girl is tapping her fingernails
fail or suffer failure
cause to match, as of ideas or acts.
Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism, Mr Howard said.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, says one banker.
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.
thin metal strips used in typesetting
Butter is being chopped into a container by a man
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.
There is no monkey kicking a person
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
manipulate the registers of an organ.
Three dogs are running on the grass.
the physical expanse of the universe
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
A person is eating in a restaurant
Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
A man is loading a rifle with bullets
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
a mental grasp or understanding of something
Five people are standing in the grass with some dogs
A man is making a sketch
A man is cutting a tomato
A dog is dropping a can
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
A man is running in a field
A computer on a desk.
A small boy playing in the snow.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head in a grass field
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.
give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.
A dog digs a hole in a yard.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
the act of mixing together.
A boy is being knocked into the water by the dog
separate into constituents by soaking.
A dog running fast in the sand.
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another.
I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else, Parrish said.
the large room of a manor or castle.
the part played by a person in bringing about a result.
the nature, makeup or constitution of something
A person is unfolding a tortilla
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
The person isn't dicing up an orange pepper
An octopus is being sliced by a woman
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
A group of children in uniforms is standing at a gate and one is kissing the mother
A man is diving off a rock
A football player is carrying an official past a rolling football
There is no man carrying a woman
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the water and looking right at the camera
A man is riding a water toy in the water
A person is cleaning a pot of cooking oil
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods.
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
arrangement
On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
make a clicking or ticking sound.
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is not looking
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
the act of breaking something.
work as a tinker or tinkerer.
A top violin player is standing on the roof over a man
A girl is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
register formally as a participant
A group of people standing outside of a building.
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
A boy running through green grass.
A woman is slicing a cucumber
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
tell or spread rumors.
A person in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
A male is dancing
assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group.
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.
react to a stimulus or command.
A potato is being sliced by the man
an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.
There is no cat swinging on a fan
possibility for the future
The man is playing a game on the grass
the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
An onion is being sliced by a woman
a brown dog plays with the hose.
The state of being absent.
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
make or become longer
Three children playing in sand at beach
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain.
A woman is cutting onions
An animal is looking around
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth.
A man is shooting with a bow
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
A group of girls on a beach.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
any area set aside for a particular purpose.
cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
A dog catching a ball.
A tree is being picked up by a man
perceive by inhaling through the nose.
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.
A man is slicing a fish
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.
A brown and white dog standing in a yard.
provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language.
The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
make a certain noise or sound.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
The man is aiming a gun
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.
A boy is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions.
Nobody is slicing a tomato
Some people playing rugby are tackling each other
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a band
A soccer player is kicking a ball into the goal
There is no man eating a banana
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
The person on the motorcycle is holding up an arm
take possession of by force, as after an invasion.
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth.
A man is hungrily eating a bowl of cereal
notable or famous persons (real or fictional)
A green bus drives down a road.
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
A black dog and a tan dog fighting.
There is no one climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
A poor man is being fed snakes and mice
Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
Man sleeping on the street.
a strong current of air.
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball.
rightful portion or stake of something
A woman is deep frying food
I'm really excited about going to Cleveland, James told ESPN.com.
Little girl jumping in water puddle
The girl is lounging
The little girl is not swinging and the woman is not standing behind her
Three children stand on or near a fence.
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a paved road
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
state or explain the meaning
get or find back; recover
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
Two cows are fighting in a pasture by a man
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
make pure or free from sin
A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.
A man is participating in a race for bmxs
A large wet yellow dog is holding a toy
A young girl is in mid-air doing gymnastics.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose.
One man is chopping a log with an axe
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end, said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
A potato is being sliced by a person
A young climber is making a rock wall for the boys
cause to make a snapping sound.
Paper and scissors both cut
A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
Boy and girl running along the beach.
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
There is no cat hungrily drinking milk
A person is slicing garlic into pieces with a knife
a person who is a member of a partnership.
One man is doing a bicycle trick in midair
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a small city
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide, smiling woman in background.
The elephant isn't being ridden by the woman
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
cause a sharp or stinging pain to
A black dog jumps through the water.
The men are not climbing a mountain
A woman holding a small baby.
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
A brown dog is jumping in the water
Some people are treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
the act of damaging something, causing breakage
the introductory portion of a story
a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing.
provide lodging for
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree.
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal
Two people in snowsuits are lying in the snow and making snow angels
the relation of comprising something.
have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun.
Red sports car racing down track.
There is no dog running in the grass
run or move very quickly or hastily.
A woman is using a sewing machine
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
find the solution to or understand the          meaning of
the state of being angry.
A person is wrapping up an onion
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
informal usage for a domestic cat, often young
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
It's not zero, said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
A great singer is dancing on the ceiling
A woman is adding ingredients to a big bowl
an established linear path of travel
become long or longer.
The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.3.500	A 32-count indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
A girl is standing next to the opening of a fountain
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions
head of a country
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
give a performance (of something).
travel or be transported in a vehicle.
A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water.
the act of forecasting or predicting something
A white dog is lying on fallen leaves
the state of being covered with unclean things.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
A woman is brushing her feet
A man is showing off a small monkey
A group of children playing with props
enter uninvited.
prepare for/put to action or use
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside.
the activity of examining or assessing something
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
approach with an offer of sexual favors.
There are no white dogs running and jumping along a beach
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
A snowboarder is jumping through the air
the act of making a proposal.
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin
cause to come out in a squirt.
Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen.
return to a prior state
an arrangement scheme.
A man is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
A green car parked outside the saloon.
The deer is jumping over the fence
Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow.
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
A man is emptying a plastic container
There is no man shooting a shotgun
One white dog is staring at the black street
The people are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community.
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters.
rerun a performance of a play, for example.
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water
be located at or on top of something
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
A dog is playing alone on a beach covered by snow
Three dogs playing in the snow.
Two dogs on the beach.
A passenger train in the snow.
A woman is cooking fish
Two children are playing on a statue
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
coerce by violence or with threats.
provide or equip with furniture.
the act of choosing among alternatives
A dog is catching a stick in the air and another is watching
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
(cause to) come apart, separate, or split
A sea turtle is hunting for fish
A prey is quickly running behind the cheetah
attain success or reach a desired goal.
A black sheep is standing close to three white dogs
A white dog running in the snow.
A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage
a thrusting weapon, as a sword
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
cause to go into a solution.
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
There is no man standing next to a bus
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
A man is speaking on a stage
A man in a red uniform is making a jump in a dirt bike race
consider as part of something.
the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically.
a large room
Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
A woman and three kids play at a park.
That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.
People are sitting against a wall
A person is surfing a big wave.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.
The woman is adding cheese to the sauce
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
Three greyhounds racing on a track
decorative cover for a bed.
to make a great mental or physical effort
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall.
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
A black animal is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
indicate a decision or prediction
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
Mimes are performing on a stage
People stand outside watching something.
domesticated animals kept for use or profit
A young boy with painted face is standing next to some other children
a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping.
a specific size and style of type within a type family.
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
A bubble blew, dyeing the girl's shirt red.
alternate dramatically between high and low values.
Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
A man on a motorcycle is going around a corner
A truck is quickly going up a hill
Two young girls are sitting on the ground
Two grey dogs running in green grass.
The gloves are off, said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane.
a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence.
A little black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area.
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal.
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass.
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
A boy in a headband plays drums.
A boy is standing in a room by a lamp light
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
two tan dogs play in the grass
remove or force out from a position.
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street.
Two white cats are playing with a brown dog and a ball
A girl riding a brown horse.
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
A black bird is sitting on a dead tree
A tan dog leaps into the water.
agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
the public submission of a legal record
A black and brown dog is eyeing an insect
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
A man and a woman are running together and holding hands
A man is slicing a tomato
an advantage to the benefit of someone or something.
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
a person who is aggressively pursued, chased
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
A person with a green shirt is jumping high over the grass
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use.
The buttons of a microwave are being pushed by a man
provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase.
breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties.
The man is practicing the guitar
(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
The black bird is sitting in a leafless tree
The group of people is not sitting in a dim room
a reproduction or physical representation of something
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
The dog runs through the water.
Four children are doing backbends in the park
A woman is cutting shrimps
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
Two brown dogs are fighting over a red ball and are playing in the grass
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of few people
fasten by passing through a hole or around something.
One woman is slowly peeling a potato
a measurable or quantitative decrease
Two dogs run on the grass.
A woman in blue shirt is looking at her hand near a stack of blocks on table
demand, ask for, or take as one's due
The man is cooking slices of potato
A man is cutting onions
A person is slicing some onions
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
Small black dog running in grass
The man is carefully feeding a mouse to the snake
A horse is tossing the cowboy wearing pants of blue and red color
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass
There is no dog chasing a ball
The men are not packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.
cause to be balanced or suspended.
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
A man is applying a silencer to a gun
A white dog running over a bridge.
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
A man is wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle down a street
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a toy
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
terminate an association with.
The kids are not wearing suits and water is splashing around
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
make weak by stunting the growth or development of.
Somebody is playing the guitar
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence.
A man is removing a carrot from a machine
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd.
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
Some bikers are doing acrobatics on a track near water and a skyline
A person is tearing sheets
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
The boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near the stack of blocks on table
A young boy is quickly jumping off a chair
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
limit, keep under control, deter, forbid
hand over or put in
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
A middle eastern man is standing against a lamp post near to other people
A dog is losing a ball on the grass
A person is pouring olive oil into the stove from a pot
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
something with no concrete substance.
Three boys playing soccer.
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
A deer isn't jumping over the fence
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cell phone with other people in the background.
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
A young man is sitting on a bench
an abundance of something
A big dog and a small white dog are walking past each other
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area.
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
A black dog running into the water.
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
Two men are taking a break from work
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
A woman holding a newspaper.
demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to.
A person is playing a piano
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The woman is holding a whole tomato
A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard
A large dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a white bike is catching up
Someone is stirring noodles in the water
Two brown dogs are playing with the frisbee in the water
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
Two dogs are playing on a beach
The man's jumper is in the empty pool
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a brush for vegetables
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
A player is running with the ball
be a factor or play a role in something
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
cause to move round and round.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
visual representation sketched by hand
the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface).
act of applying force
There is no man cutting a paper
sharpen a razor with a strap
The man is on ground which is mostly barren, filming a wheelie done with a motorcycle.
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
There is no woman deep frying food
A woman is showing a puppy to an infant
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something
something additional of the same kind.
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
feel or have a desire for; want strongly.
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de EspaÃ±a, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
A brown and white horse runs quickly.
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly
A person is recklessly riding a horse
A dog running through deep snow pack.
A man is moving gracefully
A child in a green and white sports uniform is resting on the grass
A skier in white is catching a tiny bit of air
A dog is near a ball colored in red, which is in the air
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
A dog runs through the grass.
A chubby faced boy is wearing dark glasses
The orange rescue boat is not rushing across the water
Some persons are singing
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
mock or make fun of playfully.
A potato is being peeled by a woman
the act of putting something somewhere.
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
Make (undue) claims of owning.
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp.
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
cause to have an odor
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is walking away from a man in a black shirt, who is serious
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.
A woman is slicing tofu
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
There is no dog barking at a ball
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and a tattoo on the back
Two women are competing in a tire rolling race
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water